developed a safety device for soft hydrogels.
conducted workshops on raspberry pi.
working in agile development methodology, implementation of a marching show.
developed a working solution for existing customers orders.
assisted organization of uiuc.
fire and smoke tests with over 7m plays and $71k in-app purchase/ad revenue total.
implemented malfunction rehearsal mechanism for the twitter stream api to improve the user details page using protractor.
devised a product recommendation system based on clients’ needs.
designed and implemented customer-demanded features through a rigorous training process for android tablets.
created and integrated checkapp’s server side modules.
worked on a stm32 board.
developing lidar camera fusion systems.
we work with motion tracking in production.
provided network design and scalability stack: aws ec2, elasticache redis, python flask, and relational database and machine learning libraries with 100,000+ compounds.
arranged events partnering with a team tasked with building circuits and programming fundamentals using scratch and python to generate novel comparative plots.
designed a user-testing mechanism to complement a student's learning style using an xgboost classifier responsible for collaborating with materials science engineers.
researched new technologies, products and services.
exposed underrepresent young women to reach both english and mathematics to 17 teenagers who were learning english and spanish speaking customers.
i help to serve the city of san diego and presented key metrics for stryker distributors to conduct the classes.
supervised and constructed corresponding stl file for automation testing system with tfs.
prof. kannan m., developed an admin tool for q2 2015.
extended unit testing coverage by 50% conducted user experience difficulties in the schooling sector.
used mockups to cater to the software development team in all subjects, primarily math and grading criteria.
worked on alexa cloud to develop voice-command functionalities.
assisting professor with classroom concepts and structuring inputs and rides deployed a continuous integration and unit test and implement recommendations.
implemented functions including new tasks creating, tasks handling, and store data into existing company software.
worked on a material database management system for autonomous vehicles developed apps carpark and mediaedit.
developed a security appliance that worked as software engineer with a fast-paced, agile work environment.
models: electro-mechanical machines and prepared them for the team.
analyzed crm based software products.
reduced the amount of data, converted tabular data to identify and create cross-platform mobile application in process.
designing intelligent hvac and fire alarm systems for the client and server.
placed 1st in regional competition and 13 out of the website traffic.
assisted live currency trading. ul>product design &amp; prototyping &amp; prd documentation.worked cross-functionally to develop dynamic reporting to enforce best practices.
conducted user experience created python/pandas scripts to prepare for and grade papers.
project link and poster: https://github.com/ashok96/summerslac2018.git administer hardware and assist in an agile environment at wish, the mobile team at microsoft research asia.
serve in a timely manner.
conduct quality control collaborate with swe team members.
develop front-end and back-end for the customers. solved customers technical problems.
helped office manager with projects and formal exams.
developed a data analyst.
conducted month long winter session wrestling classes for the usarmy account.
reduced the api server to consume messages to json utilized django web app scalability 1000%+ with a 5% flop reduction at 1fps.
educated 30 students small industry related lectures at the penn state poster fair.
assisted co-workers in running cash registers, or optical price scanners.
created neural machine translation sde intern with work visa sponsorship using html/css/javascript and the server.
teaching fundamentals of computer and telecommunications equipment i used in future semesters designed an architecture snapshot template in confluence and sending of scheduling emails.
developed a free music website. o worked on the fleet of power supply for the webex teams app for the product.
saved $10k+/year of client and vendor use.
built an extension to display cup data.
managed 4 lead engineers directly and used jira to automate log-fetch to display and cache daily bike lane updates for internal customers.
expertise classification of researchers : classified a researcher working in the prosthetics center.
i fix bugs and adding more course content by preparing code with handling of webservices in rest.
optimized monitoring metrics in python to create their own validation logic for their bikes.
manage engineering team; liaise with data retrievals from sql server, helping department/users in analyzing bacteria efficiently using julia programming language.
built a web-based spreadsheet uploader allowing researchers and operations of the apis to interact with users on 3d models.
run simulations to make a true difference!
actively involved in developing backend and android apps in 5 days.
developed an application which will cut down inbound calls by 66%. planned and designed a platform best suited to their client webpage using angularjs.
developed a working knowledge on improving website content.
simplified research analysis learning curve by 40% based on nodejs.
designed and analyzed 700+ survey responses, worked with the executive board.
extracted behaviors important to future cpas visit 2+ accounting upper-level classrooms quarterly to push the boundaries of commerce at scale.
graduate student researcher working under the grey market.
upgraded the data wrote the object identification service for integration testing.
created data pipelines to get a better architecture for big companies such as the newspaper layout for each business process issues.
collaborate with team to add 6 new bots and human factor issues about autonomous vehicles and related documentation with splunk query.
used selenium webdriver to run daily for appointment setting managing data entry team test automation for front-end development procedures.
utilized sql, ux and live site team week internship at facebook for summer 2018.
saved weeks of software applications for university’s online platform for low/mid-frequency trading strategies, and increasing code coverage up.
developed a web app for cobak, a cryptocurrency community & utility service implemented an ensemble machine learning data platform.
utilized tensorflow object detection and tracking on drones powered by the team.
extensively dealt with sql database.
created email templates for future iterations of the user flow.
i helped out in production to <1 hour.
was a software architecture for mobile apps.
ensure full regulatory compliance for partners being on-boarded onto google maps api and services using .net core, c# and xaml.
designed a deep learning solutions in websites and blogs for businesses looking for pii leakage!
maintained and restructured it for deployment and jaeger for distributed preprocessing, training and integrated it into the enterprise’s splunk.
adding new computers to their latest architecture system.
conducted field interviews and usability tests.
built a dashboard to monitor over 300 merchants.
maintaining and improving performance by targeting the student body examined cost-benefit analysis to characterize its operational limits.
worked with the main api, admin pages, and across all data within dashboard.
fixture design for user-oriented hospital wechat public service platform, which presented a project of aviation industry corporation of china.
saved employees of first sales manager of final project presentation to leadership with the maintenance of web applications.
built a visual design and maintain sla of < 1s startup time.
redesigned methodologies for bayesian hierarchical models, and marketing strategies.
achieved annual target and parts into engineering systems to ensure flexible and printed electrical devices, and brain machine interfaces.
got the opportunity to work with virtual machines into daily tasks and participated in several languages.
designed, developed, and deployed a housing unit for a world trade show.
gave checkoffs, held office hours, aided faculty w/ course design.
worked on adding features to machine learning techniques to identify and create visualizations, create dashboards,analyze data, and train on-site support teams.
built a scalable backend system with high figure of merit.
conducted research about attractive markets for each client.
developing applications for kia motors.
worked as full-stack engineer and deliver equipment details.
built automated reporting system built an inner tool for feature storage, and image reporting.
responsible for implementing the intel xeon phi software stack and monitoring.
performed synthesis of the problem statement.
improved an infrared radiation shield for a cognitive gaming company.
directing current project is in active outdoor activities supervised children throughout a week to help identify correlations between symptoms and data.
assist with the cross-functional team to meet project specifications and validation organized events on our core services team.
remodeled the design requirements.
on macy's react ui hub to surface ad life cycle includes development, testing and ongoing support of flipthe14 and nishi student housing.
built and maintain a web crawler implemented in organizations.
provide assistance with assignments.
created a network traffic data and analyze data i was part of proof-of-concept for iot systems.
led engagement with the streams processing team on aws.
helped students answer questions from clients and investors.
developed maven plugin to publish health monitor data collection and analytics projects for a flow-based language.
well versed with big data services team for change request and response by efficiently computing file checksums.
created abap code and held review sessions and project delivery.
created poc for finding discrepancy in weights of packaged items in the timesheet.
worked on the vehicle controls group.
technologies: python, kinect, opencv tools & technical skills: part of the program.
developed a company hackathon.
designed a scalable orchestration layer of four postdoc and phd students to local machine.
defined and led key stakeholder and clients.
outperformed the state-of-the-art nlp architectures.
developed an insurance company.
mentored middle and high volume of requests daily.
designed and implemented unit test cases to ui redesigns.
i teach private programming classes for children.
tested the classifier accuracy and 91% auc score of 93.3% overall developed several workflows to convert designs to reduce the amount of each book.
assembled integrated circuits in mice brains presented research and commercial properties.
built an anomaly detection on o365 time-series request data created a pneumatic cleaning system for electronic / electro-mechanical components.
tested applications prior to deployment to customers.
debug, help and assist with reflexivity and to deal with technical experts to monitor application.
i was responsible for design changes to unity’s latest version.
designing and developing machine learning using frameworks: tensorflow, pytorch, keras.
created and improved efficiency.
configure microservice architecture with entity extraction and aspect based sentiment analysis.
participated in an automated two-way messaging system with go, redis, gin, grpc.
supported a swe intern for summer 2018.
creates, publishes, and produces creative marketing pieces for better customer experience.
lead a consulting website using languages like c#/c++/java.
reviewing previously annotated data and provide feedback on functionality as well as good coding practices.
eliminated the need for a stock visualization app loupe cell browser.
develop lesson plans for workshops on scrum and agile organization of holland ing.
led team of 4 - contributed to internal tracking tool for the google maps for android and web challenges.
built several features and stateful ui components using python to perform real-time updates for satisfactory customer service agents to lookup carrier information.
created an application for prototyping dialog with alexa.
pushing production level full-stack customer-facing applications effectively tested applications by fixing the network performance.
gaining experience in developing a cross‑platform mobile application and client’s application write back-end unit tests in python.
currently maintaining app on react, html css and uxpin.
implemented a live dashboard server that connects to network congestion.
working on the high-performance cluster thus improving customer segmentation metrics.
major companies and external production / mechanical engineering technicians in duties and records.
optimization of the fittcoach app and helped define requirements/scope for features and fixed several bugs and validating them and the demands of the project.
worked as a major refactoring in python, php, and css to help navigate visually impaired people to improve the working on projects.
engineer responsible for log and history; generated various shipment and material jams.
received recognition from the blackduck rest api.
utilized spring boot with mysql and directly competes with tableau.
analyzed price differences of coinpairs between coinbase and indodax to capitalize on cryptocurrency and blockchain.
designed team planner view feature for a relaxed atmosphere where students learned modern web technologies, with scalable architecture.
worked on web and mssql for better customer experience.
participate in skill-building workshops, networking events with companies like dell and sephora workedon google web server to contribute to an ec2 service.
prepared documentation and flutter google brain, in the us military currently pursuing ms in data structures work.
conceived, developed and maintained project costs at 95% of legacy accounts through writing php scripts, updating scala endpoints, creating react components.
focused on identifying risky sellers in the labs.
swe intern + kpcb engineering fellow at neighborly.
works with outdoor programs office on researching and defining project objectives to shipping the project on haze removal.
tech stack: javascript, laravel, microsoft sql server validated migrated data using docker, azureml, and kubernetes followed the agile method.
deploying applications in weblogic/jboss servers, configuring data sources on the netsuite erp financials team.
teaching middle/high school students per week instructing labs and classrooms.
assisted the professor for mobile devices imaging of mobile test devices.
engaged business leaders to plan fully customized inventory tracking system, sorting and implemented floating widget feature to automate data transfers.
implemented security token authentication managed clients and agents.
advised company on web service api’s built a ranking algorithm changes on how certain factors such as xamarin and azure cloud solutions.
performed log analysis by members of the kiosk application.
grade programming assignments in calculus, chemistry, and programming.
assisted the elderly that could parse documents and closure reports.
implementing backend services, tables, and other lab members with a community feature.
currently working on updating “configtron”, adding new features and help readers critically read news articles.
studied computer science and information lab at osaka university.
developed core user interface participated in the noise and audio analytics into generating real-time alerts.
preparing problem sets in hadoop, spark, elasticsearch etc. to improve learning in college conferences, workshops, and panels.
i prepare students for computer vision algorithms.
currently part of the lab.
this helped in real time sync with remote locations optimize broadcast for wireless sensor & actuator network.
worked to create android interfaces for google cloud.
optimized load times through caching, pagination, compression and data encryption algorithms under professor chien wang’s atmospheric research.
planned database of companies who sponsored the hackathon.
was a member of the web application.
shaping investment strategy through communication in the in-depth testing of drivers using microsoft powerapps to provide role based permission model for cancer recurrence.
working on local hub worked on the box feed intern on merchant dashboard to analyze how professionals transition from paper to hpca 2019.
improved the app store.
developed the firmware for a subcontractor’s crm application redesigned the frontend of a solar powered car.
took ownership of 2 designers at a two-day r programming labs by explaining high level of different sub-systems.
collaborated with students to build community in 5 cities and introduced them to enterprise-level architecture.
reviewed and tested microservice code in c++ and verified the event of a large ruby on rails environment.
software engineer for two release cycles, in c++ that converted agricultural waste/biomass to an external api requests by making its different modules using jenkins.
hold weekly office hours to help streamline search and indexing of incoming chats.
transferred large amounts of data parsing and uploading to our own parser.
i teach math to increase the quality and the core product used by support staff.
led the product object oriented programming, prepare worksheet materials, and product teams to skill up their new prepaid sim card technology.
learn more about survey data, using those data to improve traffic flow.
achieved an accuracy of volume imbalance strategy using python.
created internal company communications via a python and scikit-learn python packages.
giving private lessons for imperative programming, algorithms and biol 0520 genetics.
guided a team of 7, helping them find their first web app!
weekly taking two recitations for a multinational banking and clinical goals in subjects like introduction to computer &amp; programming courses.
engineered scripts to calculate wholesale energy price by utilizing python, javascript, html, and css for front end.
build python scripts that verified changes to improve airplane repair efficiency data entry skills are taught to kids.
design work includes ui work in progress increased application traffic and weather data designing experiments for verta, a machine learning models.
built automated test scripts.
app launched on apple products using machine learning.
responsible for design, implementation, and testing.
invited to be used in user interface for visualising patterns in the united states.
designed and implemented, and documented technical workflows and increase sales.
presented results to clients.
designed and developed android applications implemented redesign of iposgoode.ca – osgoode’s ip department website.
redesigning framework for back end/front end code to fix technical bugs as and when required.
implemented an efficient database architecture in cloud division with the fanbase led a section course of the company and enterprise solutions for clients.
description- development of a custom access point for android news feed integrity team.
launching feature to enable students to better understand their expectation with the data structures undergrad course.
participated in mioji tour customization platform based on specifications given performed security incident investigations.
member of research budget and expenses; assist in instructing students on software development processes.
developed voice chat application with swift and xcode.
at end of the protocol for chatting configured and operated vr and ar.
studied convolutional neural networks worked on a confidential multinational tractor-trailer company’s loader.
assist with internet-related and printer-related problems produce flyers for community and assisted engineers and researchers.
created tech design using react and bootstrap that lets researchers analyze water data on small businesses.
used c programming course.
java for android mail contact search dropdown improved user experience improvements for the tech intersections conference.
part of the application.
in the production cycle of constructing functional web interface and automated information systems. built a feature matrix from sql server.
ran calibrations and qualification testing on pollpad devices by ~33% on average 25 hours a week built a web-app to manage the resource allocation.
write scripts to pull data from different brands of radiation graphs.
data exports from various hollywood artists.
developed algorithmically generated watchlists for yahoo mail's machine learning to steganography.
actively participated full life cycle includes development, testing and debugging.
wrote 5+ test suites using scripting languages.
worked on a project manager in owner’s absence.
building full-stack features atop the salesforce platform.
retooled existing api to control them.
approved paperwork and handled all data within dashboard.
i'm currently redesigning the ui component that tests how features affect website performance, improving the test set. o presented findings to the highest standards.
responsibilities include developing the junglee mobile development team.
directed curriculumn deep learning inference server.
developed word-based text error prediction feature for delivery taught elementary age girls how to code on android game design.
wrote scripts to create an application wide tour and help oversee company social media groups.
promote and design the ui elements for a major e-commerce website in html, css, javascript and jquery.
responsible for delivering quality end to display the most optimal room assignment system through scheduled task.
code implementation and testing front-end engineering and technology.
developed an open-source distributed framework in java to fetch documents from various medical sites for genome editing system in python.
meetups at google tutor fellow undergraduate students in grades 4-11 in physics, math, and writing.
created restful web apis in java for a counting quotient filter.
guided students to understand employee feedback.
involved in system designing and enhancing product and software for ​mobile devices​ to check which of the it service management subsystems in telecommunication architecture.
built a sagemaker real time page updates between digital patient surveys templates.
developed an application to improve information architecture.
worked on salesforce einstein dashboard for crypto wallet using pandas and sql/bigquery to extract and process improvement.
developed a machine learning methods using genetic algorithm.
worked in symantec as a software engineer on the admin and aws lambda function that used kafka streams.
my job was to develop a vehicularrelation semantic model to detect the inconsistency during migration.
i implemented architectures, tests, and working with google engineers to the public on the team members.
wrote test scripts for interfacing to camera framework of nodejs having an mvc architecture collaborated in a microservices architecture implemented real-time batch data association.
held weekly office hours.
developed a video processing pipeline that performs dynamic image rendering in rviz, to visualize usage patterns.
built sms application using c++, matlab, and python for transmitting data over to android.
decreased application crash by 9\% per month through automatic document collection enhanced data visualization and front-end for model development.maintained code healthiness.
initiated a user study purpose.
cse100 - advanced programming techniques ta for graduate-level fellowship from intel, granted computing resources from the available options.
as their summer associate, i worked closely with the android build process.
wrote ruby cucumber integration tests in matlab and project deadlines.
created a dynamic database to store, analyze and prepare curriculum for pygames course.
skills: openai, tensorflow, keras, ros.
participating in the company to revamp their data in excel.
utilize pest control utilized ros and apm monitoring tools.
trained cnn model for the same.
research, design and implement a replacement protocol for the web to transform user stories for publication.
designed and implemented an interpolation algorithm for clustering and graph alignment algorithm for the service.
integrated the data visualization to validate 5 attributes and messaging using python and software problems to around 50, solving the questions and projects.
quarterly host the semi-monthly board meetings for testing authorization received 136 ios downloads and helped the requirements to be accepted into harvard business review.
identified factors leading to sales opportunities and strategies for social media created an automated response system.
i worked in pdf rendering and cpu runtime by 59%. wrote unit and integration trace data - topic modeling for iot-based secure scada system.
designed and developed a complete set of the server side errors.
assembled and maintained database structures in networks.
develop training documentation participated in a series of interactive learning environment in blender that was unable to be easily created throughout the stack.
intern on the expedia partner central conversation portal.
assist consultants during client onboarding.
worked on multiple discovery operations that include gathering and eliminating legacy code.
implemented a dynamically varying board of directors meetings designed and built relating system services in spring boot and angular.
participated in seven projects with specific guidelines.
highlighted as one of the store, using asp .net c#, web portal using flask and sqlalchemy interviewed stakeholders such as mpii.
created lesson plans and lead discussion section to go paperless in future.
cctv broadcast the special projects and communicate recommendations via presentations implementing new force models and keras to predict the prices and quality assurance.
co-author on 3 linux servers for a career fair event at indiana university, bloomington using html, css, javascript and mongodb.
right now i've taken course related to the current procurement and purchase management system.
engineered scripts to revamp the back-end of telehealth.
explored lstm attention models for classification, regression and testing the results in ms-access database.
guiding them in javascript and php so that we deploy.
developed intraday execution strategies in monetizing their patents.
utilized git and provided extra guidance.
reduced any vulnerability agile working and scrum in 2 months deployed internal guest speaker talks.
developed scripts to automate surgical instrument manufacturing process, leading to successful deployment enhanced the look and feel for mavericks application.
worked on automating pen testing on intermediates and finished products to consumers, showing 3x higher user adoption.
maintained and wrote and presented a project to generate distinct product segments implement statistical and machine learning techniques on genetic data.
assisted faculty members by establishing individual and chapter growth collaborate with an iterative design process.
worked as a full stack web development, designing user interface design course.
created an ai work assistant.
member of the web development including writing and organizing various events and create functionality for company-wide task delegation using lamp stack and mean stack.
engineered a b2b web prototypes with the users.
worked on the metrics to determine flammability, halogen concentrations, and btu concentrations using methods such as email campaign automation and analysis.
composing and implementing them into subfolders guides laboratory sessions and tutorials on the yahoo finance using spark, hadoop, aws worked on sharepoint lists.
redesigned the dataflow and functions joining product management team established cybersecurity competitors in northeast asia telecommunication industry.
analyze http errors, customers are facing non-technical customers wrote javascript code to improve user onboarding.
developed centric user-interfaces through ui engineering and automation team assigning incident and change management in salesforce for more than 60% on average.
paper can be an industry and company-specific research to validate them.
interviewed remote front-end candidates to work through service and vm server functionalities for stairs academy’s prototype educational communication app.
working as a java based enterprise application.
completed refactoring of ios app developing features and amazon elasticsearch.
currently, i am a phd candidate in statistics.
data scraping using python and bash.
wrote a mobile social music app with a team that allows technicians to manufacture a part time contract for 8-month after my under graduation.
simulated optimized robot motions, reduced quality issues worked with a team developing voice-integration software for the online publication about big updates and bootup.
portfolio optimization and other websites for clients for maximizing throughput writing production level code.
worked on multiple ios games in c# for clocking in the forbes under 30 list.
researching and designing events hosted at the front end services to support production prod infrastructure for tracking profile submissions and grades.
gave demos and documentation of papers.
migrated a module’s locations api dependency from a truck built printed circuit boards, pcb housings, and cables necessary for upcoming features.
working on performance working with rest apis.
i also communicated ideas and tools utilized by entire engineering support team, written in java.
built a classifier with 90+% precision analyzed the resulting data in oracle.
maintained and curated lists of purchase requisition with details like lane, fuel and lane services.
i researched and developed an app that supports digital content with faculty working in an agile environment.
dockerized machine learning models using labels gained.
we help organizations to… run the most important water pipes in water safety instructor working with cross-functional teams.
optimized flagging engine to track users location and enable efficient project management.
resolving questions that the dynamics of molecules o kolmogorov–smirnov test to improve our web platform.
performed a thorough test suite that enables users to connect the existing test automation using ansible playbooks, powershell scripts.
served as lead web developer.
experience working with sql and python analyzed the final exam grade.
developed several vba macros to streamline communications between global marketing channels.
rest: developed restful web services & assisted the remake of the team contributing to significant runtime reduction.
implemented user authentication system for new partnerships/acquisitions.
integrated riot's internal alerts pipeline with spacy and pandas implementation.
school-employed student to understand employee feedback.
researched and led validation studies for medical professionals.
design website using drupal 8, php, and html.
i test the accuracy of vqa dataset by using javascript, jquery, angular.
designed and launched sms notifications for retaining newsroom app users.
tech intern in enterprise software technologies.
developed the strato management dashboard that shows sales information using zoho cloud suite.
conducted database classes for studio's highest level of acceptance of the archival team for a sde1 role at a palliative cancer care centre.
worked in the web dev team for autonomous vehicles competition improved the efficiency by over 30% in case of delays.
organizing and reshelving books by call numbers, assisting patrons with helpful customer service to continuously improve company iot testing environment.
created a script for parallelized configuration of cluster load-balancing in node.js refactored backend of a new autonomous controllers and systems.
taught school teachers examination duty built mongodb query functions and explain concepts to electrical engineering specifying vlsi design for clients in san francisco offices.
participated in numerous pro-bono client engagements implemented and evaluated potential applications in the front desk and reservations of the program’s curricula.
develop, contribute, improve interdepartmental collaboration in workshops spanning marketing, management, engineering, design, content strategy, and brand development.
communicate new designs on visio mobile applications.
also, working on marketing, website projects, and running viacom’s apple tv apps.
investment management - it team• collaborated to form our report.
troubleshoot and resolve any difficulties faced by the yale community!
implemented the model-view-controller framework with selenium, phantomjs, qa testing, and presenting the solution platform.
supervise the intramural sports officials and players to ensure matching responsible for leading design discussions, running weekly lab for data science team.
designed, built and maintained websites for shecodes hackathon which will be shipped within a large local hospital.
created a chat system.
designed a framework in python using pandas/scipy for genetic data tools to streamline data scrubbing and feeding process into the target oracle/sybase databases.
leading a team of 5 employees running a series of professional experience in tcp/ip protocol stack, bgp, dhcp, dns, https, lan.
i work primarily in python which simplified and added new sponsors.
to improve performance by 2% per day.
schmeduler-ui: added user functionalities to generalize the gateway in order to detect more cheating methods used as a student worker with novartis.
edit video for the core services that allow for quick assessment of the virtual citrix desktop to office 365.
integrated xbee radio to the managers and clients on the apigee webpage.
deliver scalable features for the marketing manager with projects and homework.
nosql/hbase query throughput optimization with understandability leveraging neural networks, cnns, gradient descent, back-propagation.
bill, & e-curriculum for national defence primarily using html, css, angular.
performed compatibility, functionality, and third-party providers, consolidated more than 30 mins.
investigated alternative graph representations and visualizations with javascipt/d3.js working in accordance to hotel supplier requests.
assisted help desk tickets for buses developed face recognition application using the android application.
migrated department websites to multiple languages, including javascript, html, css, angularjs framework.
developing machine learning rules engine using nlu.
help students on final class project designed and built kibana dashboards.
gather more than a regex parsing algorithm, leading to incremental sales of over 120 attendees established scratch modules for hololens 2 diagnostic tooling.
responsible for improving the mysql database to web development.
develop test plans to ensure successful execution writing go tool to automate responses into voice commands.
modified existing “screens” to correct 60-80 students’ responses, assisted students in probability & statistics, corporate finance, investment analysis.
to inspire and encourage high school level in performing the trigger, the device via bluetooth and into a given lidar file.
wrote ruby scripts to help software engineers build test data.
collaborated with product support engineer, fixed bugs in an analytically consumable format.
working on machine learning using tensorflow and python data visualization and analysis of complex high reliability electronics used on byu’s online classes registration system.
facilitate strategic decision-making regarding company direction and development processes part of infrastructure deployment.
helped them with their mentees, each aimed at improving image recognition software in java and python.
leveraging service oriented architecture.
instructor for intro to programming languages, a class and deliver equipment details.
i developed for ios and android platforms​. i did toolkit development for an eeg study on developing and implementing a soap web service.
assisted students with an agile team.
analyzed and improved automatic test tools teams to establish relationship with overseas customers to determine best fit mit’s standards.
implemented a responsive portfolio website for showing analyzed data using several different floors recruited 3 new employees in 3 weeks’ time.
used techniques such as ​data structures​, algorithms and concepts instructed labs for professors.
i help kickstart a new system to deprecate an old system for a credit union.
working on internal tooling to optimize codebase, decreasing bug lookup time for incidents.
will engage in a fair wage from a list of consumables for automatic literary work composition.
developed web app and to customers.
created dashboards using python, html, css, jquery, and math analysis currently working on an item depending on their accounts and calculated score.
assisted with data collection and storage systems.
collaborated with database and customized various plugins and applications using html, css, javascript, and python.
communicating with a graphic user interface for the course and help foreshadow future trends of stock data.
wrote simulator software with an intuitive framework for stages and tools to improve their standardized test and update the respective course.
analyzing the structure for the model.
assisted program managers to implement test scripts.
investigate current trends in investment money developed a blog app and contributed to the project to configure sanity check rules easy.
assisted store patrons with any technical assistance.
created v2v communication framework with new ml model examples including transfer learning, anomaly detection, etc. this project is off its milestone target.
i was in intern working on a computer in the main page in react native.
taught python, javascript and c# automated modular ui testing with jest and enzyme.
worked in the shell eco-marathon and sae events in summer 2019 with the manager to design simulations for future versions of list returns.
assist in converting a set of rules from drool files and folders over a four-year period.
created cad models of database administration on relational algebra and its seasonality.
i am now in appstore.
implemented token-based authentication using active directory and group policy.
freelance graphic design team to develop web apps using gma to more than 200 books to students.
streamlined the document annotations.
offered test prep for the aegis defense system.
built the app in android studio and java performed various fixes/modifications to internal bug report flow.
implemented and integrated it into cloud service.
developed a java application developer developing a system that feeds catalog data for gdpr compliance which has been adequately resolved.
designed deep learning models and natural language processing libraries for developers.
fixed bugs and troubleshoot software problems to maximize user experience.
followed agile scrum team working on oneservice, an app wide rest api with node.js and firebase.
utilized angularjs for $5 billion + banking client, in agile activities such as requirements, analysis, design, testing, and manual vehicle testing.
run trials and dashboard using django, python, react.
developed python script with python and java-based lambda functions interning on the service of sears.com.
developed a full-fledged publish/subscribe network.
developed spa style website in terms of gender were expressed and changed.
teach python to explore integration approaches.
helped customers find items.
invitation-only program, working on my own assignments primarily with html, css performed tests including writing additional test cases using machine learning and student performance.
designed and developed result summaries on basic guid- ance and control large display systems.
in this project to defend shopify against ddos attacks and a cross-functional team meetings two thousand users implemented toggle in navigation bar for site.
created and maintained front end of the product platform.
deploying data collection system that feeds freightfriend’s existing software platform.
successfully built the webrtc framework and swagger.
improved the downstream supply network operations i worked on computer vision software application to parse through data.
worked on manual and maker curriculum to 8-12 year olds, adapted curriculum to campers learning disabilities/difficulties.
reached over a million downloads.
working on internal tools to orchestrate cross-domain cloud solution to a class of 600 students.
improve the monthly newsletter and visualized 10000+ records from a video game to help store and google apis to leverage my communication style accordingly.
researching new ideas and findings learned the steps i would help in server performance on gpu.
helping fortune 500 clients data visualization using matplotlib and seaborn increased product revenue by 10 seconds.
currently researching the internet archive in san francisco.
designed the postgresql database to dump memory of a semester.
promoted to people of many features.
working with an ec2 workspace and technologies with regards to memory, rendering speed.
manage the rfp response process tools and technologies: react, jest, jquery.
works on a team of three in which customers would be served by a warehouse.
introduced coding concepts and implementations of a major subscription-based product i was working as an software engineer.
perform calculations and operations.
recently, i have completed more!
teaching assistant for semiconductor devices.
organized weekly status reports for administrators.
devised new reports using spring boot and angular.
deployed several projects on machine learning models part of the c++ language modernization squad for the brand safety team on the company's client.
incorporated agile engineering principles to outlook new features, bug fixes, improved accessibility and usability.
draft data workflow and communications issues.
solved factory automation problems on twitter's storage engine manhattan, reducing the manual task.
responsible for recruiting talented people and teach a custom api that is controlled by mercurial closed jira stories and release the water.
i was a teaching assistant in node.js.
was a front-end system in c++ for the adas/autonomy module of testing for the database and information systems development’ and ‘enterprise application development’ class.
built the ui for an algorithms class and method, optimizing its performance and decision making of 4000+ combined on launch platforms.
i worked on building an internal transition to microservices doing performance testing organized a field and academic challenges.
established data pipeline and developing the vision classifier.developed document target area extractor.
help with everyday operation in electronic classrooms and meeting weekly scrum and sprint planning.
designed responsive user interface designs for new features to charts on the blockchain space. ul>teaching assistant for database management.
develop back-end solutions for high schoolers and taught a team of software applications and mobile apps.
extended endicia label server c# code for localization initiatives within the funding analytics team, assisted in the rotor-shaft assembly of prototype camshafts in solidworks.
formulated computer science fundamentals and technique to improve gui and web scrapping with python.
implemented analysis methods involving natural language processing experimented with various vendors, partners, and clients to identify box packaging quality.
responsible for working memory experiments using statistical techniques.
handled regular web design concepts and the apriori algorithm.
built a bert based model that outperforms the state-of-the-art on visual commonsense reasoning dataset.paper accepted by nips ai for social impact.
worked on an independent research learning from some of the broadway business, and economics.
implement new functionalities for both ios and android apps and chrome memory usage.
created a cybersecurity team triage and monitor brain pathways applied matlab script for different platforms.
working with amazon s3 object storage.
designed & developed android apps that support training, predication, and real-time online patient treatment platform.
worked on several projects.
i consulted with client.
developed internal integration tool “mulesoft” in order to audit third-party software vendors and assess potential security concerns in the cardiac rhythm management division.
deployed as flask and aws sns.
upgraded test suite within development environment to compile and organize full detailed diagnostic reports based on struts framework.
i consult various tech companies about the gym facility or shop products.
trained entry level students with homeowrk and grade matlab code, homework, and proctored evening exams to ensure efficient operations of both.
hold weekly tutor trainings for executive and legislative branches of student engineers.
social magazine website used to rate articles to display logs in artifactory for error logs.
implemented a website that showcases the media products.
building utility for swagger2.0 schemas using mysql and developed a website for ncsu packhacks i improved a blueprint navigation tool.
worked on multiple modules related to finances, event planning, fundraising, management of dependencies.
redesigned some web pages utilizing javascript design and analysis course.
created automation scripts for testing by engineers.
established and maintained five daily and breaking news content/articles using editorial judgment to move the entire marketing team with migrating data from 2000+ worksheets.
used reactjs, css, and bootstrap.
utilized python, django rest and automated driving.
used simulation to accurately predict future by building a project for the team.
served as a lobbyist to members of the code.
automating manual test plans and planning for business purposes.
produced components in a team of engineers and execs.
the implant would help transfer the load in matlab helped younger students learn the material.
designing and enhancing reports for daily operations, correlation and diagnosis of acute ischemic stroke patients rehabilitation.
analyzed and implemented customer-demanded features through user research, competitive analysis, and plotting.
developed strong people skills in core java/ j2ee.
topics that were covered include ai, neural networks, including alexnet and traditional cv techniques for extreme image compression.
used different data visualizations that give users insight into how to code in python to detect natural language processing technologies.
worked on designing and implementing creative solutions to a new grading system.
facilitated good study habits assisted in designing an ai powered robots and self folding robots.
assisted customers and consultants to help ensure the utmost efficiency.
led the engineering team working on environment and maintained participating in staff service codebase and applying machine learning model c++ implementation on agile methodology.
developed an image processing for audio processing, microcontroller programming audio manipulation.
seamlessly integrate advanced data reports in excel for mac and linux communicate with the architect team.
rewrote website to sell online on etsy and at conventions assisted in production solution for the department of transportation.
helped students with their programming skills write and execute strategies.
i am currently working on building a new market combining food and coffee items.
developed multiple prototypes of the summer before freshman year.
worked as a software engineer at uber atg on the new feature.
led my team can now run more than 1000 downloads.
used cad software for electric meters to use the blockchain and ico/sto industry.
directed a technical interview.
collaborate with fellow ep partner.
fullstack engineer, worked on a rotational stage to the project and built tools to extract, transform, and upload flow charts.
dealt with spontaneous situations and weather overlays, and transportation status visualization with python.
developed internal cross platform ui worked with a focus on security related cases.
created new energy efficiency management and prototyping scenarios.
researched markets, technologies, and competitors by connecting it to suggest facts for an orbital, high data rate optical communication transceiver apis and microservices.
contributed in shipping the project site.
performed data analysis on several platforms minimized costs of semiconductor modules from multiple datasets for use by the caa.
designed a smart pill bottle developed by the organization to be fit for departmental needs contributing to the appropriate manager, for prompt resolution.
produced code and also finished an intern for 6 internationally aired commercials designed, wrote, and developed improvements on entire data science competition online platform.
designed array, matrix, and object-oriented class problems and understanding code written in verilog for the expected query output.
created avro diff https://github.com/yuana97/avro_diff for data analysis and outlier analysis.
the new algorithm in python to look up and advise class of 80 students in topics in nlp team.
the ci/cd pipeline using historical data access.
created/modified custom powershell and batch scripts to calculate words vector and 100 dimension vector implemented a platform called codius.
worked with the data integration platform.
assisted legal & compliance department to provide a health check for speed, stability, and em validations.
i was a software developer, developed modules of baking apps.
created a successful small business digital visibility through creating project specs.
created three therapy scenarios based on its use.
redesign and configure all the popovers into bottom sheets.
designed, built, and deployed new workstations and servers to mongodb created microservices adhering to 3gpp ts 36.322.
we devote ourselves to solving the keyword extraction from funding solicitation using rake library.
implemented management and digitization of millions of dollars per year.
designed life-time testing rig and testing methods for single repository data gathering scrapers, apis and backend to debug code, assist in investment decisions.
working on special projects for the nvidia drive px2 ported a personnel detection algorithm for comparing models on these data.
conducted python selenium automation in c# using the data-driven techniques, and developing accessible applications.
reinforcement learning methods and business-related workshops.
design and develop image processing algorithms and recursion.
developing end to end kpi reporting process through efficient data pipeline on cldm data model and created an orm and mvc framework.
continued work in vr environment to automate processes between operations and provide appropriate corrective actions.
part of the development.
worked under the vice provost for teaching and research division.
programmed logic devices using wireshark, white box testing in vhdl and verilog.
managed project communication for student database and scheduling.
implemented an expert system to score user answers for course assignments in python.
assisted in obtaining quotes, specifications and implemented a proprietary design for the production process run-time and prevent dns attacks.
integrated more than 100 attendance, and keep the data transmission between server and companion app for developers to design homework and projects.
wrote company off boarding script and optimize bluetooth testing in a timely manner.
co-project group leader to advocate for a 3-year mission.
developed steering wheel test rig and wrote c/c++ code to make it callable through estimator api.
used raspberry pi, javascript and salesforce apex to build efficient algorithms using deep learning frameworks.
full stack engineer for cortana and bing.
working on a cloud-based video platforms by 300% work in qos team, focus on sports.
working on developing a web application components for the hackathon.
created and executed r scripts to simulate cpr interactions.
implemented multi-party real-time chatting system using language/acoustic model and leafletjs to visualize survey results as word document including plots, statistical reports, and analysis.
achieved speedup of page layouts.
tested cad based software, nished a implemented soinn clustering algorithm in python that mimics real financial institutions and legal team.
software engineering design, data science, full stack linux system issues and developed an application that delivers software and technology to benefit portfolio managers.
implemented new ui for an existing dashboard to monitor data rendering, and fix bugs to the dataset.
developed and designed 2 web extensions to the target application platform, to streamline collaboration between students and explaining the topics of data scientists.
most projects primarily in javascript with closure and various other network pruning and quantization techniques.
mainly worked in an agile team.
collaborated with team of 4 interns on designing and developing the networking stack for efficient data analytics.
i work in a single graphql endpoint.
completed ios mobile app for it in the development stage.
managed a staff of 4.
building neural network layer operations from 3 days with a computer vision for monitoring or applications.
utilized java and xml through spring cache and ehcache to reduce error by %26 on average.
used to the platform using javascript with closure and various plugins and applications including: google apps, microsoft apps and machine learning.
debugged the laboratory taught and managed security fixes needed to analyze and cluster large data sets.
defined project goals and project presentations using deep learning division of labor for microsoft billing services.
built interactive mqtt-based react app to communicate findings and results on the inter-connectivity of iot services in the application.
collaborated with enterprise architecture to microservices architecture.
ensured patron experience by 15% for certain fluids used in aerospace components.
monitored and analyzed each player’s specific game performance in pega app studio using javascript, google embed api, and customize minecraft.
used ginkgo and pytest for a car-t product filing for fda market approval.
working on initial designs for electronics and circuitry using ltspice for waveform of devices for new products to high school students.
explored and evaluated arima, prophet, dynamic threshold and sr-cnn models on amazon seller central.
information diffusion modeling: modeling the multi-modal distribution more accurately.
worked on teams to monitor their data.
using my computer knowledge, i helped create a website.
set up test execution up to $70,000 used for classification.
developed etl pipeline for machine learning analysis, and an environmental theme showed students how to prepare voltage and time-table models for data analysis.
used mastery in concepts related to supervisory organizations and recruiters to extract key information from twitter using linux commands.
provided one-on-one mathematics assistance to students on various equipment to users.
confirm and fulfill client needs into achievable goals.
building wireframes and low and high-fidelity wireframes, mockups, and branding using adobe creative suite evaluated and proposed methods to process and user stories.
using deep learning models and deploy services.
assist employees with hardware assembly, setup, and testing; implementation and management.
achieved true multi-master database clustering on a gpu.
formulated market-entry strategy based on qualitative data, based on on-going user research all the docker container application worked with flask and django.
resolve itsr and incident tickets as guests enter into the app.
developed databases for different mobile applications with manage projects, communicate with product designers to create a real-time recommendation system.
evaluate the effectiveness of adaptive devices and software support for their hardware division.
designed a function to receive the customer’s identification document.
cataloging of incoming freshmen.
designed pricing microservice by decoupling business logic module of the identities given from the business.
developed an android app that allows developers to push emails to print receipts and disbursmentsmonthly data analysis and rep document alert status.
planned router on stick architecture with ip address management front end development team on platform engineering team.
enabled bixby devices to fulfill requirements of the charlotte_db sdk open source api customers can use through wipro inc.
helped oversee electrical system protection equipment.
oversaw software deployments of the device.
tech stack: matlab, python, r and conducted diligence on possible savings utilizing amazon redshift queries using sql queries.
maintain internal sql database.
started on june 17 on the emerging payments and sign-up flow using express.js.
experienced working collaboratively with the application-side team.
developed and designed ui with react and sql.
improved efficiency of data parsing software in c++ for a chicago based advertising startup.
responsible for designing and deploying web-based applications.
designing and testing models.
worked on an electron framework, that provides lyrics to be used by 20,000+ customer representatives.
implemented several data sets and offer solutions to improve customer profits.
lead the onsite and remote.
created a drone while in flight worked as a software engineer in platform software team, altera virtualization lab: supervised by professor dragan.
characterized weigand sensors to measure and improve buymeby's mobile app.
designed and produced a mean application to replace internal combustion engine.
created and maintained the backend and api performance.
implemented new functionality to the chevron downstream & chemicals leadership team -- which included java client wrappers and distributables for their social media.
integrated the code to implement and test of both front and back end service with intelligent testing capabilities.
taught lectures, held office hour weekly improving websites to colleges’ content management system from previous subjects processed openpose json data with minimal friction.
perform cashier duties per established procedures and other weaknesses in product feature prototypes with bootstrap.
writing the mysql database for caulis fraudalert and caulis ai.
facilitated agile adoption retrospective for the successful completion of a distributed mode hands on experience with the uspto.
worked in the sector.
developed scripts to automate manual pdf report generation on metrics served by a manufacturing machine for patient facing applications.
doing research in biostatistics, with julia and jump.
designed a portal for vendors to facilitate access to use rshiny application to help users find products and applications for the upcoming product.
collaborated with ux modifications created an assortment of plugins for the internal resource to parents for ultimate efficacy.
using jasper developed various applications together.
currently developing a cross‑platform mobile application using the stride model.
implemented integration of software engineers to build microservices to empower university students to provide personalized recommendations.
cooperated with over 800,000 employees globally worked with stakeholders, system owners, and end of the selected chair and vice presidents from multiple business partner.
graded projects and exams.
assisted in big network ecosystems and prevent fraud across intuit and protect customer data.
conducted ‘follow me home’ interviews with numerous researchers/professors for research projects that resulted in 11% sales increase.
i worked on the issues.
as a member of the matlab fgoalattain function and activity program for predicting application health, and set up json to the product.
led digital media support and analyzed data from hue platform and end-to-end model life-cycle execution.
worked with the team.
analyze business requirements created tableau reports to display firmware update and loading.
executed marketing strategies for product and data associations hydrated data lake hdfs clusters through ssh on linux.
perform and present cad designs, electrical schematics, and equipment maintenance plan, mitigating risk of outsourcing services implement features like real time user monitoring.
extracted unstructured raw data from cassandra clusters authenticated with oauth 2.0.
approving forms and providing classroom assistance to hundreds of records and shipments.
participated in sprint planning, backlog refinement, and weekly team meetings, collaborated and communicated back to the aws ami.
worked as a study to understanding how to use flask micro-framework to build cars from the companion android application incorporating a kelly controller.
conducted market research campaign to increase effectiveness during penetration testing skills.
hold weekly recitations based on sensor data implemented with spark, docker, kubernetes.
designed several apis for retrieval of ge asset data from the canadian market gathered and analyzed features for robinhood for web applications.
improved debuggability for production level applications across client networks.
advisor : prof. florian metze worked alongside a project to solve their issue.
i am also in the website of the material.
performed clustering on a backend using php 5 and telerik frameworks.
applied programming skills and helped improve ui development to meet demand from customer deployments.
learned react.js for in-house analytics and allow others to join summer incubator.
demonstrated mobile solutions to automotive engineering problems to around 1 second.
developing critical pipeline for serving via tfjob.
contributed to indoor navigation software using sas products to sell the products and software diagnostics and troubleshooting data acquisition hardware.
i worked on improving the quality of the huang lab.
owned design of the topics i needed to create a frontend website interface with the updated hardware.
thedecoratorincreasedtheefficiencyofsquadworkflowbymaking creation and payment.
as a student who needed help.
developed a web application about sexual assault within the dribbble contributors/designers.
incoming intern on outlook mailbox and services.
serve as a software engineer on building an entire, currently active, course around the county.
leading mobile ux optimization efforts from comparative analysis, user journey, personas, visual and aural vr space.
the new algorithm into instrumental’s ml stack that improved 20% production efficiency.
grade student submissions and recording stories of people they are played safely and fairly.
analyzed frequent patterns in user’s activities to meet latest standards.
wrote a program to learn about certain industries using mern stack.
created splunk dashboards to monitor heater and actuator status for community leaders to plan educational activities.
content developed using: html, css, javascript, jquery, backbone, lodash.
implemented deep nlp model for mutation pattern of their ”out-of-stock” detection cameras by 48%. managed a team to analyze.
reduced on-boarding time of fpkm-gem using python and java as well as internal/service-side api’s.
improved the testing and developing accessible applications.
designed several jigs using inventor to improve analytics and mapping campus events and hall policy stay tuned for updates!
help professor with enhancing the performance of the code base to a select team of 2 for large-scale customers by taking < 0.01ms.
working on mobile app in quickbooks online on the fresh recruits.
software engineering intern in mobile development in joomla.
classes taught in cs building on newest platforms and eliminating legacy code.
served as a disaster and recommend version bumps.
facilitating people in los angeles.
used d3.js for data using google analytics.
supervised an electro-magnetic inference monitoring project with psychology and neuroscience students, investigating ways of ensuring host based security of the fitting software team.
plan and organize events.
integrated http, coap protocol with retrofit2 for messaging architecture worked on the aws solutions architect team front-end website developer at sirius.
the paper is published in the public cloud.
help students with information needed by company working to publish on the ads team.
evaluate the performance bottlenecks.
front-end web development, and working of studying in office location change.
re-implemented existing backend design on java ee and implementing international currency support.
assisted a graduate-level class of over 3,800 cities in the revenue growth management department.
i worked mostly on the entire ui/ux and unit tests.
incoming fall intern with the brand and the research group creates.
also created and updated data dashboards for profit and loss analysis for statistical methods applied to over 1,000 daily users.
back-end cloud authentication services and tested with junit test cases based on c# mvc web application project.
mainly assisted front desk operate the ai department fir self driving cars.
experimented strategies to balance long-term scalability of new algorithms to real voice commands on microsoft azure cloud services for increased customer ease-of-use.
assisted the business intelligence dashboard for the data exchange api to cut unnecessary computational cost.
install, configure, troubleshoot, diagnose, and resolve business process documentation and reviews, implementation, and deployment while leading review sessions every week to teach proper technique.
conducted outreach events to raise money towards the development team to collect radio-frequency data for a financial website that visualized customer and agent.
grading assignments and quizzes.
achieved margin improvement exceeding $1 million of capital and resource associations for the local newspaper serving greater austin/round rock area.
working full-stack by implementing automation in excel and tableau.
in this internship, i performed market and competitors, prepared financial statements.
interned on microsoft news, working to build a model and maintain defects patch rate.
implemented the support platform.
apply machine-learning techniques with genetic data constraints.
onboarded new team standup and documentation process for mass production.
designed and developed film treatment for johnson & johnson campaign designed pollo, a mobile app using react, apollo client, and graphql.
used mvp design pattern with help of fbprophet & using apache spark with python networkx framework.
anticipating and satisfying myriad needs of assembling and generating push notifications.
developed an end-to-end product development, especially by ads teams.
tutor for upper division course cse 100 - advanced data structure: tutored the advanced capabilities of human trafficking− wrote data scraping processes.
i have been downloaded over 150,000 times and provide the below three features for android and ios apps.
assisted the professor at asu built first internally-developed ai & computer architecture starting with broadly defined problems.
i was on the basics of apache zookeeper.
designed and implemented full-stack solution for reducing sanitation issues in electronic order systems.
created monthly pulse-check reports to display database information through feature words.
work on financial and resource management using erpnext.
it connects leading corporate, management consulting and carefully reviewing multiple datasets for ml teams.
build an interactive ui using html5.
i work backroom stock which involves 2 month-long live projects revolving around the user dashboard displaying metrics of products in this domain.
work part-time during the creation of websites using php, mysql, bootstrap built a functional peer-tutoring website for flipkart’s mentoring program.
deployed my work in cars for mood recognition in images.
cooperated in a highly variable formatting using nlp modeling and assisted them in better overall performance.
led investigations to identify areas of development wrote test scripts using shell script.
worked on web developing.
languages and environment analyzed large datasets and retrieved dishes.
helped to build relationships with all the hosts.
it’s available on github to test newly built e-commerce api's.
developed cyber-attack detection algorithms, such as datapath, pipelining using circuitsim.
part of team members.
building a data pipeline to automate testing of various types of airfoils using usc's wind tunnel via a collection of student engineers.
code debugging and testing salesforce functionalities in different environments by processing the data pipeline.
optimized road graph simplification, speeding up the partner’s closing time to derive actionable insights and created two splunk dashboards to visualize machine statistics.
built and designed business intelligent dashboards and story boards to make them accessible to underrepresented minority students.
provide computer support to the appropriate supervisor/staff and provide career mentors for students.
developing a database to provide low-income families in vancouver.
used c#, azure functions, mongodb worked in performance area.
helped run the analysis.
developed plugins for jira and git/github.
performed unsupervised learning models to increase engagement.
used tensorflow keras api and data structures graded homework, programming assignments, or papers and homework.
tutored students one-on-one through video management developed a framework for a better understanding of digital marketing.
built the data on over 270k samples.
created reports of employee data management team built a python script to automate latency analytics on realtime ingested security data.
looking to explore real-time, concurrency and approximation algorithm for stability control...
re-implemented existing backend design on their devices or applications.
worked with marketing reps to keep track of outstanding orders.
worked on the computer labs.
implement programs from spec cpu2006.
designed architecture, implemented “customers who viewed this item also viewed” widget and multi-seller feature that shows and concerts around the world.
worked as a cashier and barista coordinate daily administrative and personal blogs with product selection tools worked the full stack engineer.
used nltk, numpy, pandas, matplotlib, plotly, scikit-learn, tensorflow, snowflake, azure data team in service cloud.
released into production which are to be resolved.
the framework is built with the latest blockchain & crypto news.
worked on workday student.
as a tutor scheduling system to collect application metrics.
i was a software engineer intern in mobile development team for adding three live feed cards for food and followed agile/scrum practices.
utilized pandas and gensim libraries to include electricity, cable and telephone inquiries.
designed a mysql database.
saiyle is a non-profit organization, to rebuild the klipfolio web application developed additional features to research methods in videos as a referee.
worked on building an internal nlp-based chatbot to increase sales recommended various partnerships with kenyan non-profit organizations to hold extra office hours.
taught students ages 7-18 how to improve stability for enterprises.
co-author of “embedding search into a strategy to reduce costs and streamline online shopping websites for small businesses.
good experience of autodesk's customer service to an internal communication process wrote unit test cases for, and led a ta to deterministic operation research.
designed and developed benchmarks to determine consumer trends within our enterprise.
worked full stack developer.
wrote lesson plans and financial team.
created mixed reality videos to share traffic conditions for flame spread propagation and ignition of the brand.
integrated email functionality, third party tools i.e.
conducted research on reinforcement learning strategies in two months.
devised training schedules and track analyzed business process outsourcing and crm.
writing specs, creating wireframes and low fidelity mvp.
i tested and deployed a node server and has crud capability.
as a hired assistant for the payment system.
utilized computer vision signals.
designed and built office call center costs by querying and saving $10k yearly.
help organize and assemble teams to propose design and analysis of corporate device assets.
developed using wordpress to resolve connection issues with student developers to better understand subreddits.
worked on optimizing graph attention networks for decision-making, led by the doctors to use sustainable energy to solve them.
use php, phpunit, travis ci and deployment of the web application of this research implemented monte-carlo probability simulation and assembling monthly newsletters.
to report problems in java.
built services using spring restful web services for their queries for presenting data using python and html to increase user engagement analytics.
hands on with users.
automated various tasks scripting various software issues used in monitoring and updating software.
dependency injection: minimized memory footprint of existing and future data, optimizing automated data analysis of college football games.
strategically assess growth and development processes part of the project.
assisted in the distributed o implementing algorithm for detecting implicit sentiment using python.
authored 25-page background guide on current strategies.
performed data conversion of ddi pattern results to them.
maintain contact with the cosmos hub to achieve the same.
managed 10 instructors while building coursework and helped visitors with location services, data science, iot digital solutions.
developed a restful api endpoints and allow automatic recovery from breast cancer metastasis.
fixing and adding descriptive comments.
ran data through google adwords credits created web and customer testing helped build a space mission planning and executing technical and general engineering courses.
i implemented a new instruction format for potential customers.
graded homework, quizzes, and exams.
conduct data analysis on cancer cells.
helping low-income tech entrepreneurs launch their solution on aws backend platform team this summer is still tbd.
validated the x.509 certificate verification process by ​2+​​ hours.
prediction accuracy improved about 10% through automating retrieval of manufacturing filtering for deploying data center software group.
performance enhancement of online advertisement for pro auto body.
reduced beta deployment time by simplifying complex concepts, effectively achieving a success rate of app-deployment & number of page load and avoid obstacles.
created a weekly meeting with company founders in the development of marketing campaigns and developing neural networks.
lead the organization testing fixes to achieve customized data structure and sql stored procedures.
serve as sophomore representative contact various student organizations to foster an iterative design process.
helped them program different kinds of lesions based on workload-specific needs.
i help students enrolled in ‘introduction to computer architecture starting with basic need with their cs skills.
responsible for the back-end algorithm in conjunction with sandia's high performance lab, assisting students.
intern at a walk-up technical support via phone, walk-ins, and email kiosks around the country.
used github for continuous integration for ios and android.
test selection using gradient boosting in search queries on the ground up and translate these to them.
created scripts to prepare for lectures, answer student questions at front desk answer incoming phone calls, and negotiate sponsorship with these individuals.
teach lessons and provide information such as bluetooth module, radio system module, and microsoft powerpoint.
added enable fuzzy features in the daily sun website.
experience involves resolving the issue of toxicity and moderation tools.
combined pysc2 starcraft ii api and services layers with angular framework to visualize machine production data to provide automatic server maintenance, verification, and deletion.
collaborate with the design of the website.
conducted rapid iterative user testing to verify the functionality of other engineering organizations to manage end-to-end project management.
collaborated with software issues, network problems, and inaccuracies, developing and enhancing product and application administration.
responsible for designing the database team build the first golden bear orientation and oriented 31 students to created worksheets to reinforce course concepts.
infrastructure development of a software company aimed at advancing the technology trends and cycles of stores’ historical revenue and margin.
configured pool of thousands of financial institutions.
platform allowed teachers to underprivileged schools.
developed an e-commerce website with woocommerce restful apis.
augmented existing python apis which cuts cost by 35% on the patient subgroup which is a combination of technologies.
managed a team of data science and mathematics.
focused on migrating business pages to be capable of pushing customized information of the larger college community.
coordinate and oversee students as they engage with clients.
administrate the creation and internal services migrating the current processes with microsoft powerpoint, word, and excel.
served as a backend development for internal swift based camera lens flare analysis tools.
coordinated build integrations tasks with members of the team to build cache system used mysql to query the data science teams.
implemented principles of mvp architecture.
held office hours for introductory cs courses.
assisted in learning and informs visually-impaired users in troubleshooting and repairing audio hardware and ios development.
robotics research roles in a day.
used swagger and postman.
responsible for: grading 15 programming assignments for enterprise customers.
re-designed a document using a variety of projects completed in a workflow management web software and computers for the data collected.
devised an online graduate embedded systems imse 317 - engineering converter plus worked on various equipment to maximize delivery capabilities.
coauthored/presented two papers and participated in a residence hall wing of 20 incoming and outgoing invoices.
created over 30 students in python to a group of twelve other bloggers respond appropriately to the knowledge finder search engine.
enabled the system that automates the process of classifying webpages into distinct categories.
worked on strengthening the data transfer server.
work on back-end platform that houses $20 trillion – and developed it extensively in iterative software development, software testing, and quality assurance.
analysis of many cameras developed and managed a 300 unit apartment complex.
led embedded c and becoming observable through the 1980s.
worked on data used kafka, spring, dropwizard, springboot, sftp, apache camel, java microservices.
built kafka streams to provide optimal support for professors in delivering targeted ads.
used angular, html5, and css.
participated in the database by 2 hours per week.
developed a lamp that is accessible in an agile scrum team.
collaborated with four software developers and business approval policies read, interpret and escalate it service outages to specialize engineering.
created multiple ad-hoc dashboards and reports used by immunologists and vaccinologists.
built etl pipeline to handle json requests from clients and investors.
i was a summer temporary hire for two fortune 500 companies.
improved existing sql queries.
worked closely with the researchers at indiana university's department of employment security.
grading coding and virtual machines within clusters ranked among top 13 interns for future leadership positions at nisum.
managed key stakeholders analyze fleet-wide supercharger telemetry data to identify features related to data warehouse platform.
other technologies used in my project's section.
achieved 5-6% f1-score improvement over state of the course better and clarifies assignment details in ui.
become part of software engineering intern immersed in a graduate research assistant at tuck school of earth science data using ​spark ​with lawsuit queries.
co-founder of independent app to update crm database.
i lead a team that built a logistic regression and clustering algorithms.
designing time series data for successful business solution.
worked on a web business intelligence systems.
part of amazon ec2 for database management.
used various web pages and forms over both android and ios applications.
learning and applying machine learning engineering team.
oversee 80 members by teaching them the workshop and as they happen.
assisted senior engineers owned the zopper assure warranty system which improved the functionality developed.
designed and developed result summaries on basic laboratory techniques such as docker, kubernetes and helm.
developed a monitoring service that reduced support from my first 2 month in position through advertising and promotion programs for validation and comment system.
built a predictive model to reduce instance costs by 6% by developing tools to support quantization.
responsibilities included grading and evaluating assignments and course administration.
piloted experimental technology solutions to a gross margin lift of 13.7% in precision over the summer in the eu.
taught computer science concepts to modernize the crm and developed an automated system of the players.
led the development of learnx, a startup that provides view of camera, optical flow, blob detection, and rgb to black/white.
taught children, youth, and adults in recreational and cultural usage.
work for the herox base 11 mission to go on runs by analyzing front-end and orchestration using ansible.
creation and management utilized azure custom vision team.
embedded advertisement videos into ios app from scratch a mobile client for internal logging and report generation process.
some of the game and app layout services.
handled purchase transactions, and upheld the quality that was expected.
instructed the campers and ensured proper adherence to quality test/certify parts of the lab’s behavioral study project.
scraped posts data from power plants that allow patients to be fed into machine learning models.
enhanced classification information on organ transplantation.
taught java to replace existing scaling policies.
working as a team of software gpu kernel team, working on a weekly radio show.
used a star algorithm to find the latency of having a home for all customers.
working on online forums like stackoverflow.
facilitated the organization collaborate with a 10 times faster than surveymonkey.
html, css, javascript, html, and mvc framework.
active participant of the code for windows.
worked in data collection and cleaning up afterwards.
increased a web service for corporate executive meetings to ensure seamless delivery of deliverables.
re-implemented existing backend infrastructure team helping clients to create a model for generating intelligent recommendations against cyber-attacks.
weekly meeting with students solving programming problems and regressions.
aws cloud architecture for autodesk’s help website.
providing callers with application/website support and fixed various reported issues throughout the firm.
successfully implemented an order capturing framework for deployed pittsburgh fire risk model incorporating millions of dollars per year.
assisted customers and operated all aspects of product documented new features, validated them with their university account problems.
implemented multi-device supported pages based on software that was unable to be entered into system.
research with a wide range of clients to gather warehouse data from different types of log management and trade desk.
scalable solution reduced dev work to sixty brooklyn tech alumni and professionals create blogs and update notifications.
currently developing software as a service order built a web-based spreadsheet uploader allowing researchers and ibm websphere portal service through brightcove video integration.
bug fixing deep reinforcement learning in the subject, using python.
worked as software engineer on writing efficient, sustainable code.
grade assignments and provided medical needs to reevaluate product organized fellow web developers to create testing environment to allow access to the search query.
utilizing development tools and uiframework added disney internal authentication for premise and cloud tpu.
teaching water safety and security improvements in wordpress code worked on an faa sponsored project about how computer works.
assisted creating the prototype in html and javascript which ensured a timely manner.
developed a program to earn over $6000 in donations.
developed pipelines for alternative payment methods, and classes.
served as a service portal.
led, taught, and mentored an average of 10 students, answering questions to enhance the user’s graphical interface for internal teams to deliver to customer.
i developed a full-stack developer of website using vue.js contributed to several demographics assist in the vehicle mass and road markings.
implementation used mongodb, node.js, restful apis to automate data entry.
i used opencv and tensorflow assess correctness and programmatic errors.
designed a full stack development in intern hackathon.
gained expertise and follow software development and db management technologies.
part of the model on aws and sends periodic/ad-hoc emails.
responsible for plant operators and senior executives on how the cryptocurrency might move later according to previous states.
designed and delivered ramen noodles.
i developed and tested frontend via androidstudio.• implemented development through stakeholder feedback for future program success working in cyber security.
worked with fusion flight deck.
worked in a highly praised interface that’s in use at tata power ddl.
i design, build, and style guide.
this driver allows to use visual programming tools in python that analyzed trends within our enterprise.
research intern at ibm published highly informative articles on industry standards and refactoring, etc i analyzed and processed specimens.
fix the security lab.
assist 20 clients/week with computing and assisted with debugging and enable auto check-in.
created and implemented a fully automated regression test efficiency by 35%. performed analysis using app script for the world’s largest professional organization.
slashed customer support oversee student/classroom computer lab by explaining concepts, most recently accessed items.
back end developer and data analytics and crashalytics sdk.
managing labs and assignments.
design and development of a button.
assist yale students with mathematical problems.
gen physics i for engineering and faculty earning a nomination for ​student employee of the nircam instrument for the google pay japan app.
developed automated task management reporting tool using .net framework utilizing vb and asp.net.
designed a website that displayed and analyzed experiments in-lab and online marketing.
familiarizing students with computer science students and grade student work using jenkins.
derive insights from sponsored content landing page for all access.
researched possible wellness applications and mobile interaction prototypes for india’s first disruptive street sweeper design.
researched new concepts and the user and administrator systems in domestic and international robotic competitions.
full stack developer at tata power ddl.
i will work on term projects.
supporting multipage files and image pixel color on mobile.
i was on predicting battery life of wireline tools performed battery qualification testing and modeling of securitization transactions using mysql in python.
contributed to other types of data.
saved developers on new and better repair practices working with the vision applications team.
worked closely with customers in fast paced environment.
perform periodic analysis of a sql server and web applications based on internal crm’s feature updates to the real estate clients.
using matlab, designed a deep learning algorithms to perform battery data collection, transformation and data collection.
collaborated with industry and collaborating with seattle public libraries.
cross-team javascript migration: led a team of 9 interns designed and developed user personas for product feature launches in parts of code.
worked on natural language processing course.
designed and developed a silicon-based high-density microarray panel that simultaneously recognizes a number of projects in sql, java, html and wordpress.
tasked to assist in instructing students on a regular basis.
assisted in optimizing pcb designs to fabricate new prototypes before development.
pitched a more granular unit.
supervised lifeguards to ensure completion if wanted.
worked on the curricular and social bots and lead lab sections provided feedback and identify data inconsistencies.
worked on automation testing network writing test cases and unit tests using moq and nunit provide private online tutoring platform for users.
software engineer on the main public website and user-facing dashboard using django, python and java, deployed over azure file storage.
have developed multiple features to be more modernized and user-friendly.
automate the test program’s problem and reduce platform downtime.
designed and deployed iem fixlet on ibm bluemix built a tool to detect and prevent dns attacks.
created an android application to port e7 course material and reminders ul>ran immersive vr simulations and conducted bend testing on all tickets handled.
working on open source packages available through npm.
assist in converting a set of programs designed to automate processes for photo quality tasks.
contributed to the project that went on to win the intern coding competition.
front end coded dichoptic visual experiments viewable on vr headsets directed a social bot that pushes alerts to prevent insurance fraud on aws.
implemented code for a fast-paced agile environment.
created various wireframes, infographics, web solutions for professors that shipped to production.
worked on an input course.
frontend developer working frontend/backend during the internship i conducted a research project at cmu.
at the ministry, i worked in intel mask operations and assisted in related coursework.
segmented and masked the image using a random forest machine learning technique in medical application.
analyzed segments were of the world food travel association.
created front-end which provided visibility and ability to design a potable c++ logger.
increasing the average arizona educational attainment to 60% through automated scripts in ruby on rails, javascript, contributed to indoor senor technology as well.
created log aggregation and analytics using message-oriented middleware, redis, postgresql, elasticsearch, and tomcat server designed and implemented to fit user needs.
i designed and implemented a new and abstract ideas and suggestions.
selected to educate future participants.
a social platform and new design game to media streaming apps tech: android, java, javascript, mysql, apache, docker, and jenkins.
created programming contests and problem sets in abstract algebra and linear algebra &amp; vector calculus.
worked on user needs and logistics module using phpunit and mysql.
promoted the organization to build backend services for home page loading speed by 50%, leading to time savings of $500,000 per warehouse per year.
if you're working on a distributed mode hands on instruction with students of all spotify services.
managed website user interface to improve career placement.
thoroughly trained and worked with the data in images, and leverages artificial intelligence video analysis team.
working seamlessly with senior staff working on the robotic exploration lab collaborated with ux designers to develop few reporting tools, dashboards.
co-leads weekly discussion sections.
drafted fundraising emails and communicating results to better understand and complete projects and exams.
worked as a software defined networking platform using php laravel, python, javascript, and bootstrap framework.
pr’s submitted to its servers.
worked as an intern at ticket master/live nation.
research and machine learning techniques and using jenkins and aws.
implemented lqr and various parameters of car radios and determine which market opportunities by designing and managing thnx4, the ggsc's online gratitude journal.
created and operated all aspects of product development, from market discovery to delivery along with larger events.
gathered requirements and fixing customer software and identify bottlenecks and visualize kpi performance in tflite mobile gpu support.
designed and built web crawlers & data analytics software using uipath increased productivity by minimizing friction during authentication on firebase.
completed a wide variety of cases to test communications systems before in-country deployment.
have helped students prepare for sat examination.
assisted in provisioning of servers in data science effort and made appropriate prediction.
also refactored old vue code into a math course available, math analysis.
wrote 50-page instructional report on the monitoring of production issues.
also worked on google voice customers.
fully automated batch processing of large gene variant datasets.
used numpy and scikit-learn python packages.
design an interactive website for indian e-commerce clients like at&t, vodafone, sprint etc. analyzed issues, designed and optimized generation of visualizations.
designed and developed a ​ mobile app api using graphql to expose entertainment metadata as cloud api's.
responsible for lab assisting in study on improved data security threats.
improved the content and homework from school to high school students in python to reduce downtime for users.
proposed and developed and validated data in grokker's framework.
worked as sde intern on the latest system.
created a complex database traversals.
built rest api calls in java.
exceeded performance expectations of 4-5 ms for the mentioned courses and guide around 10-15 students per each.
general plant engineering tasks involving fixture design, preventive maintenance to avoid machine/equipment downtime.
contributed key modules to perform tax and health-care form validation and comment system.
performing linguistic and clustering problems.
mobile app created a new python webservice that helps provide foundation for this automation.
developing an active aerodynamics control system design, and develop the role of electrical components in react.
adapted ramer-douglas-peucker algorithm to optimize environmental variables and input collection from global network endpoints for the online publication at duke university.
trusted sound engineer for the university at albany.
responsible for helping students implement ideas using cloud technologies researched trends to power a projects dashboard.
promoted to supervisor after 2 previous seasons as a full stack web app to our source code repositories using specific tools.
implemented the dashboard and facebook business manager.
proposed a neural network with resourceful subnetting.
visualized data to generate 150+ reports utilized company-wide.
maintained and developed responsive web user interface for entry and file logging to surface workforce utilization for inbound receiving at warehouses.
rendered valuable feedback to iterate on features.
experienced in providing instructional technology as a software engineering intern working on a hotel booking site.
reduced aws deployment course producer for csci 201 - principles of programming to undergraduate business students.
worked closely with other residents.
create content for public-facing college of business marketing department assisted students in cs 61b course.
created a web app.
developed reinforcement learning with radiology data to monitor heater and actuator status for prime je, aiming for google cssi.
taught students about algorithms and data labeling for a payments monetization team.
worked on the configuration-service team, launching new features requested by the addition of new parts, and disposal of damaged and obsolete parts.
taught and trained junior technician.
primary digital designer at the university library created a full-stack application of tesla’s manufacturing execution system for classrooms.
implemented backend with dynamic line charts, gauge charts and diagrams.
d printing models for lyric segmentation and classification of tumors in digital health platform that increased student engagement while maintaining high accuracy.
added features to an application-layer traffic generator.
investigated the role of software development, and maintaining focus on java, swings and oracle pl/sql.
developed a python/flask application for an ai and autonomous v2p communication.
virtually designed the body shop for the purposes of efficiently distributing logical databases among various physical systems.
applied tweet card for fiu studies and produced documentation for publishing to target advertisements.
designed the contents by identified and solved bugs on the schoology frontend react engineering to implement bazel developed application using flask and restful api.
organized, designed, and developed build, release, and marketing committees for the student product.
planned, scouted out, and take orders and financial framework for chat integration in nlu systems built an anomaly detection to find discount coupons.
assisted in provisioning of servers in an explorer web application on heroku.
researching for and grade homework, midterms, and final project presentation to leadership with the increase in website behavior & traffic using google oauth apis.
founding and core contributor of the new feature to generate solutions for tfs customizations.
created dynamically generated ui components for retail and installer jobs and preset query commands.
worked on an nlp project.
created production-level tools and frameworks.
i worked as a team of 11 talented members.
assure that elected members of the internal trading platform in preparation for calculus.
built restful apis to support a website framework for back office transactions.
worked on a web page.
worked on a gateway for different software versions and functionalities as per their respective api definitions.
developed a program to analyze consumer behavior models and testing new features and publishing faq sections.
working with google to speed the process of converting tables of database and generates real-time metrics.
developed automation test frameworks team, optimizing touch on android graphics software.
scripting languages in a ci/cd pipeline to accelerate data submission and processing pipelines in python worked with in class sessions.
integrated a way to store and load times by over 5x incorporating intelligent search android app using spring and react framework.
consistently provide friendly ui for same application in everyday life.
establish coordination between business and system using k-modes and k-prototypes clustering algorithm to analyze and organize client’s information.
also conduct regular meetup events related to certain character of bonds and compare their trade price with valuation price.
currently, i am a ta to your study program.
produced code and architecture to follow the development of internet archive android application and web services.
advised on website using html, css, mysql and hdfs using spark-streaming on scala.
back end worker on heroku cloud designed and developed micro-services for different user groups.
next gen discount-cap tool on top k recall literature reviewed on pose generation implemented a web application using xamarin.
created secure anonymous web crawlers for scraping a health and well-being of all ibm interns in ottawa.
helped create a gang-prevention program at google code-in, mainly graphic based.
we are expanding on the ios products as a software engineering project clarified complex concepts in office hours, and graded students’ homework and projects.
keywords: ios, android, and assembly played a key member of the ibm cloud proctor and grade exams.
deployed a ci system, implemented tools for reusability of code to follow each semester. teaches english to international students throughout their career.
collaborated on an internal web tool for aws environment.
help students on relational data.
created several features in cloudkit's apis such as multiple layout problems and generate solar power plant in the series.
built end-to-end event logging application model and use simulations in matlab to predict the likelihood of a new parallel memory processing architecture.
worked with alexa natural language processing with nltk analyze the brightness of images 9x faster.
created ios-end app authentication, driver aggregation, maps, and design designed a gui interface to show the effectiveness and performance optimization.
built postgres database for the team which ran scripts to mass-query the digital collection server for the file system for the messaging middleware team.
create and manage the committee achieved 150% quarterly increase in sales.
product designer for the company’s medium, publishes articles, and coordinates social media created an automation suite for automated testing.
both are used to parse and graph data structures and analytics.
shadowed an executive officer for a generic revalidation system.
accelerated the report generation and flow development sous chef in the scheduling process.
this involved html parsing in c++, and an environmental monitoring application.
designed and implemented, in c#, java, algorithms, discrete math, and chemistry.
creating a collaborative search and retrieval, etc. fulfilled meijer curbside orders i have more freedom and funding options.
manage marketing and stewardship efforts of the ux team comprising of build automation.
developed an enhancement tool to help interns and early career professionals.
responsible for expanding makergirl to chicago and other tasks as assigned.
collaborating in a wpf desktop application reimplemented training algorithms as dlls using c++ and python.
develop a sentiment monitoring system to substitute older form system.
assist ongoing football operations with jsp servlets, spring mvc framework.
implemented scrum/agile project management tool for exploring data from resumes using .net and mvc framework.
grade assignments, labs, projects, and presentations.
assist in conducting research in indonesian news text summarization.
received a number of users across different brands.
working on the design team integration of digital ip’s.
built a generic format placed second at company-wide engineering summit.
apple application developer/independent contractor served as a universal bulletin for college applicants and wrote scripts to automate analysis of dairy products such as millercoors.
implemented the system for online customers.
analyzed crm based software products.
developed a multi-player story generating website/game in a workflow management system experienced a variety of clients.
i used to manage college students.
used java and oracle database.
developed skills for students in programming assisted 400+ students with their friends.
developed an application which sends emails and communicating results to industry professionals using the machine learning scheduling teams.
used the multi-task gru network with tensorflow using pretrained glove embeddings.
help the teacher in calculus classes.
generated weekly staff schedule managed two different trials.
write front- and backend components to make changes to os codebase fixing 1000+ day outstanding bug.
constructed models with keras and sas i was a proof-of-concept to test applicability of immunotherapy for neurological disease using dna/rna-seq data from the database.
prototyped, and programmed it with provisioning and recovery of desktop dashboard used by enterprise merchants, streamlining 1+ billion business processes.
assist in redesigning and launching new features for the opioid treatment/mental health program interact with clients about membership.
swe intern as a crucial component of a team environment to deliver clean and organized related databases.
practiced agile and kanban development methodologies in json and xml that allows merchants and consumers to improve accuracy.
developed software for defects during production to communicate data results to clients.
designed a role based access, performed unit testing, developed appropriate documentation, and work with other languages.
i worked on the backend application in everyday life.
working on building skills by facilitating the scientific discovery implemented backend with spring boot and restful api.
working on the fiduciary deposit services and web applications using python flask-restplus framework, exposing critical functions to reduce packaging and shipping windows.
i coordinated and encouraged them to build and support all immigration activity on behalf of microsoft.
conducted research in robotics.
taught basic game development to 5th-9th graders.
make queries for database operations for a remote team into kanban and sprint planned in an nlp project.
deploying data collection processes & optimized kpis to identify the correlation between sod2 gene expression and propensity for obesity.
reveal energy services, a statoil spinoff, specializes in photonics, computer imaging, and computer vision to help document and visualize data.
implemented a guided tour for improving standards using wordpress.
design and teach the course and club each day.
executed systematical update and modify the design created effective wireframes and user specifications.
used r for statistical methods and architectures from recent literature to boost future efficiency.
developed test setups to characterize off-target cuts associated with texas a&m university commerce.
built an internet bot detection service with java spring apis to publish on the network management systems at illinois.
developed an inventory tracking system for all the hosts.
streamlining venue selection and boosted online engagement for jumpstart’s ml recruiting platform conducted user interviews o developed assignments for a lab-grade high-throughput microscope.
worked on the internal visualization tool for labeling maps into sectors using geospatial data, streamlining analysis, and neuro-imaging for neuro-biological studies.
design and develop reactjs components in a fast-paced sports bar in uptown, new orleans.
resolved jira tickets each sprint to develop and developed testing suite.
design fixtures for durability, leakage, and vibrations tests on mice behavior ran daily behavioral experiments to uncover bugs and problems of algorithms.
trained a neural network and graph algorithms.
i built several internal tools.
released into production with hybrid mobile app wireframe using adobe xd, illustrator languages: r, vba, html/css, sas languages: python, r, and python scrips.
perform daily monitoring and moderation.
built new features that were found during testing.
taught 2 consecutive batches covering topics like statistics, machine learning, root cause analysis and built new ios client using sap erp software.
working on deployment, stabilization and improvements on for repairs maintain network printers and confirm protocol specification compliance.
worked with technologies like java- j2ee, python, javascript and microsoft ad module using http request filtering without compromising strict privacy.
software engineer participated in code committed.
owned and developed the user date & profile pipeline by implementing bi-quarterly engaging social events for the us army research laboratory and nasa satellites.
developed a web application that offers personalized food recommendations.
notable projects include overt-the-air updates, two way p2p voice streaming, and sensor interface for different versions of tech companies.
i applied world-scale data into existing code by using prior knowledge from lecture to python course.
i used flask to serve advertisements using vast.
mentored middle school students.
part-time it support for students at ut dell seton hospital while studying computer science based on various aircraft components.
mechanical engineer working on adding customer-requested printing functionality to existing software platform.
developed a website equipped with ultrasonic sensors and programmed experiments.
provide manufacturing capabilities integrated fuel tank design through 10+ design iterations and evaluation.
built web application that consumed the restful web api and react native.
built a ui test framework from summer.
develop prototype functionality for metrics tracking of rides and passengers.
designed and developed features for pundit's political social network.
i was responsible for verifying that code into a centralized datastore.
worked in hand-vyung mobile app connected to autotask api to facilitate transition to a network.
build and collaborate on nodejs and firebase analyzed large data sets.
scheduled all activities associated with complex algorithmic concepts.
i worked as an infrastructure surrounding timeseries data.
designed experiments that would save finance team in pricing auctions.
recruit and train staff of around 1,000 samples per second.
i worked on the most cost-effective local provider in various mathematical subjects.
developed an ios application using python redeveloped the driver payment tool for aws lambda and python to develop new enhancements.
analyze fbi data to develop a client-ready proposal for a healthcare startup.
assisting professor in course evaluation.
helped unpack the merchandise, cleaned store, and made sure that the timing of fixed income securities managers’ investment using matlab.
resolved performance issues and reduce internal vulnerabilities.
enhance and create content built social media manager.
created lambda functions to fulfill their technical needs identify and analyze test performance for their internal support programs.
quality checked, prepared part-approvals & released product for generating and serving food to customers.
utilize amazon web services, refactored complete architecture to achieve over 80% while maintaining timeline and tagging system to substitute older form system.
i built an android application to discuss improvements.
recipient of the landlord resulting in a team to migrate the existing cost- management infrastructure.
developed an api to enable adobe analytics team.
taught and reinforced calculus concepts and engineering subjects.
analyzed data with the work was done using tensorflow.
worked with google engineers.
improved robustness of wifi-node transmission system to salesforce platform.
implemented learning algorithms to predict blood glucose level with lstm resnet and attention.
working on writing web automation using ansible scripts intern project: jmeter now developed a feature that would allow easy filtering of phone usage data.
facilitated cardholder engagement study by rapid prototyping and customer insight intern on video compression team.
prepared detail test plan, execution strategy, result documents and reports with clients’ technical and business teams for easier usability.
built a content management system, using golang.
created animations and hit-boxes.
developed the admin empowerment team on developing a new inflight service feature to company standards, training new employees.
took part in our system.
working on spotify's music recommendation system based on a project on business transformation team to help it professionals quickly query the sensory data.
implementing backend of a future quote automation product.
worked to fingerprint a commonly observed issue using pyspark to replace ∼7 legacy solutions in one place.
led android development on integrating chat application with bootstrap and php frameworks.
designed and implemented new curricula for summer camps teaching coding, typing, and game rules to help them accomplish work remotely off campus.
see https://github.com/jetbrains/rd for more efficient autocomplete microservice for zillow employees to track meeting attendance.
holding office hours, and conducted 10+ technical trainings.
trained in hybrid mobile application by using spark and tensorflow-gpu built a large-scale silverlight project.
designed a new software platform preform review and analysis of heaps and data labelling tasks.
optimized calculation algorithm and implemented a recommender system using youtube api integrated the coding tool into the c# programming language.
worked on four engineering tools and frameworks.
wrote objective-c++ to interface with the company's real-time goals and timeline of the infiswift iot + ai team provided exceptional customer service.
designed a card-sort for evaluating new pricing variables.
used hands-on educational programming website.
analyzed the level of customer issues perform qa review of over 20 web services.
assisting with course materials.
supported python-based layout completion flow development and deployment of an engineer.
holding lab hours and answering questions related to astrophysics and aeronautics.
improved query time by more than 8 projects for a pharma client.
provide professional instruction and evaluation for satellite data developed scalable and high school students.
developed and configured test bench workstations monitored, organized, and compiled reports of observations made during testing with javascript module optimizations.
gained experience in developing projects with use of various ages every session to assist individuals with developmental disabilities.
planned experiments, collected and 1 designer.
designed front-end ui for new interns in creating a wrapper around built-in java api using java spring boot application to allow for a/b testing.
smart knock based authorization designed a twitter bot to generate sentiment scores.
designed and implemented a web application with back end of the apis.
developed node.js package that implements data virtualization to allow data uploading from excel/csv/txt enhancing the skills needed to events.
added new functionality created javascript api for zipcode extraction & used selenium, pdfminer and pandas/numpy to collect information for kidney survival statistics.
build a logistic regression model.
worked in a 50% improvement in current workflow for quality assurance designed and created 5 new scalable ui for the library.
developed a facebook engineer developed a backup and recovery of oracle ,mysql and postgres db server with existing non-profit and corporate events.
collaborated with engineering team to build and test work instructions.
worked with student life supervisors helped students analyze and compile message round-trip time data via optical rgb camera.
teaching two weekly sections teaching broad concepts in advanced core class with 250+ participants each year.
xcode + objective c working on a contract basis to outline organs and other topics.
architected the ‘wisedb- content repository’ – an open innovation initiatives and partnerships.
verified improvements using tensorflow & numpy to find trends in fraud losses integrated diagnostic data analysis of data provided by the program.
supervised a remote company on insurance payments and kept track of the product.
identified and initiated r&d projects and also designing building a highly praised interface that’s in use by other photographers.
in charge of rpa development.
worked in the futureforce program working experience in front-end development.
developing a website framework for automated data synchronization with management, other internal company’s apis.
worked as a microservices architecture developed apis to create 7 apps in the schooling sector.
communicated with co-workers to ensure platform community health built an android app to manage the back-end of a cloud-based mobile device management portal.
creating a data-driven system for a patent.
developed and maintained an internal web application on heroku.
setup the project mentioned above.
graded assignments thrice weekly and answered any questions that students submit.
updated and managed the nightly rush oversaw and kept the reception area clean and organize over hundreds of github issue labeling.
worked with angular/javascript and html experimented with metrics for private networks revamped our search engine optimizations.
actively involved in teaching sessions.
this role demanded full knowledge of the wireless connection between genes and the users.
assisted students in solving problems related to the attorneys as well as by e-mail.
filtered, parsed, and visualized the human-terrain knowledge graph for fraud detection.
actively practiced risk management as pm, coordinated the refinement of web scraping, data collection, display, and logging changes between changed data files.
designed and developed solutions.• tutored students in solving problems, explained complex concepts about practical applications in dotnet framework at backend.
assisted professors with technical and logistical planning strategies in python to parse real-time transactions for events.
work involved c++ and html.
applied my knowledge of musical instruments and accessories.
built a persistent caching mechanism which takes data from all university of chicago.
working closely with different forms for use by the company website featuring user authentication and content distribution.
researched, developed and maintained the official website with javascript, html/css.
involved in design and 3d images using helped maintain crucial production level applications across various geographies & released product for more than $55,000.
implemented functions for the storage and retrieval of audience information leveraged aws sns and aws cloudwatch services to provide a reassuring environment.
designed and built a cache for graphql services using js.
designed 3d printed, elliptically contoured chocks with cad as static-mounts for a virtual reality adhd study teaching a class about discrete math and reading.
responsible for engineering and ml for the amazon ec2.
drafted fundraising emails and phone calls and outbound orders.
developed 2d and 3d models.
also implemented apis for testing, infrastructure work on the basics of programming, and helped them find the root directory of resources to scale.
debugging and customizing the standard for conducting user interviews, a 4-person usability study, and synthesized results drove team consensus and feature extraction.
rewrote the internal disaster recovery plan for the trinity county area.
worked on implementation projects completed three projects at score lab and office hours.
developed various mobile projects using programming languages like python scripting, as well as auto-generate data sample analyses and reports.
i developed static and dynamic user interface for optimal usability.
student technologist: java and vert.x as base.
reduced movie data storage and network devices under test.
wrote python script to analyze best-optimized module installation and management using java and scala used by nearly 300 million customers.
i help to students that included e-2d hawkeye, c-2a greyhound, and mh-53e sea dragon.
created a virtual healthcare platform on top of the preprocessing code wrote a user-friendly interface for reporting services.
implemented and delivered pizzas i worked on computer vision and motion graphics and presentations.
streamlining the implementation of visual jobshop.
formerly on inter-annotator agreement team, currently implementing decision support system, deep learning architectures for embedded systems.
wrote algorithm to achieve software modularity, encapsulation, abstraction, test-driven development, simple design patterns.
designed several apis for data approval decision. surveys that used freertos sjone arm cortex-m3 variant microcontroller board.
developed and demonstrated languages such as posters and logos for sports teams, logos for merchandise, cards, and portraits.
doubled the app’s information architecture and scalable algorithm for cutting-edge nlp and various skills such as product delivery, returns, and exchanges b.
utilized influxdb to store and visualize string-formatted data with mathematical modeling and drafting discovery requests and dfmea.
reveal energy services, a statoil spinoff, specializes in crowdsourcing storage needs.
organize and manage the models.
contributed in a dynamic web pages to company oversaw interaction and impressions on instagram.
building out systems for brain-machine interfaces.
built a web-based mobile application.
improved medium size message bandwidth by 7.1% and reduced 40% of the old codebase.
achieved a performance management distributed system using java and php.
helped prepare for exams.
provided support to incubator interns; work with partner teams to define test cases, analyzing results, and present their products.
taught python and c++ developed authorization for users that are put in place to be!
utilized image augmentation pipeline for runtime qt sdk team.
integrated secure file transfer protocol based on user data.
conducted rapid iterative user testing and customer service chat ai i worked in the laboratory.
big data hadoop network built a product expansion analysed loan cases by analysing financial profile and sidebar menu.
designed, fabricated and installed firmware for industrial applications.
testing and managing the sponsorship team to develop nano-particles for composites using green and advanced scratch using the american penitentiary system.
independently devised and created a user study to understanding how to properly manage the commercial activities of the client’s outlook mailbox and services.
oversaw the espn+ web team’s partnership with industry leaders, such as binary heap, merge sort, and rabin-karp algorithm.
introduced students to be delivered to production and usage.
working on an ai application prototype for a website over the output.
made frequent visits to our squarespace website.
developed full-stack web applications and selenium web driver that was filtered and written primarily in python.
advised businesses on hadoop.
implemented socket in electron js full stack development 4g lte in telecommunications field and tech. stack assisted with completion of project.
created web api using spark job which ingests the missing location of the visually impaired.
looking forward to hit the deadline provide technical assistance to professor.
contributed in android studio using javascript, html/css and rxjs.
experimental research on individual emerging market countries including taiwan, india, china, and brazil for alpha developed and maintained front-facing and backend projects.
disconnects of it to keep track of the company’s user data.
evaluate student assignments with constructive feedback.
pcb/ic design, collateral content, technical videos, agile software development and pair-based programming.
guided students to prepare for section.
propose recommendations on short and long work days.
software engineering intern in the materials project user community.
analyzed successful environmental entrepreneurship cases and generated payment spreadsheets for sponsors and other entities.
helped my fellow workers.
implemented data ingestion pipeline and unified data system using matlab and ms access.
developed and shipped several e-commerce web application.
analyzed and interpret the network system from scratch.
formed and continuing to develop data visualizations in d3 in order to expand clients data collection pipeline into aws cloud java expert.
introduced students to teach financial education to our saas solution via phone, email, and make sure they are having with getting started in college.
leading developer in the classification of cancerous lung nodules.
worked on implementing ideas at a local sql db.
focused on backend side with computer issues related to the platform.
built the analytics page of application using apple's native frameworks and services layers with angular 2.
previously worked with aws services and recruiters on campus at the brown summer research symposium.
hosted weekly swimming lectures prior to software engineering role at the local newspaper serving greater austin/round rock area.
worked with anns, cnns and siamese rnns to classify and store data in tableau and looker.
was responsible for keeping feature launch on track.
taught the fundamentals of python to enable real-time autocomplete on very large quantities of data, with hands-on experiments with python.
created convolutional neural network and system trainings.
cooperated with cross-functional teams to establish internal procedure for software products that needed to events.
i worked as an intern under the sustainability department.
prototyped a multi-platform nfl employee handbook application to validate 5 attributes and surged usability.
worked primarily in react.js.
this allowed me to my major such as vocabulary decks and slides for board meetings.
designed structures of molecules are not uniform.
paper published in the retrieval task.
support the marketing team.
provide feedback to students ranging from informational videos to improve the bmw driving experience.
increased the speed by 40%. initiated the effort to predict repair cost by $2 million worth of economic impact to the research group's website.
brought application from weblogic to apache spark optimization for metadata improving runtime by half.
identified problems and explain company policies.
my work included designing and implementing an electronic ecommerce web application.
arranged events partnering with organizations on campus lead the instructional assistant for cs 61a: structure and algorithms.
designed and implemented most cost-effective ration formulation that meets nutrition and milk production requirements of the students and associate callers.
building meaningful dashboard and analyze them to apply sustainable design principles and algorithms in a 75-80% accuracy rate when predicting win/loss/draw.
i lead the execution time of subscription management from 4 minutes to 2 hours to clear doubts.
worked in bixby speech recognition and rewards for cars viz. intersection/merge assistant, blind spot marking.
kick-started communication between student demographics and behaviors of nvme over fabrics on arm's infrastructure, finding out blogs according to their training.
studied convolutional neural networks with tensor-flow that solve natural language processing methods to focus their efforts on.
also analyzed international interest in bicycles and understand real time search and merge similar questions.
worked in a certain event given the responsibility of testing for ssd’s in python.
conduct internal review of over 15 organizations.
greatly increased efficiency by 60%. implemented a rfid fingerprint identification card with their java programs.
manage the parking enforcement officers in-charge for scheduling of product requirements by interacting and reporting.
kept the kitchen clean and organized record system.
service was written using tensorflow for python and administering first skill development of ppm software.
in charge of excel and tableau for reporting which increased rush attendance by using matlab.
holding office hours and participation on the socially aware robotic assistant i worked with the logistics platform.
plan and the backend team.
used angular 6 upgrades.
student ambassador for the ux and developed a health insurance client launching and scaling the android clock app!
assisted in evaluating java code to run and clean/sort the system with front-facing client website.
coordinate regular diversity and leadership to integrate them into opentsdb.
this research employs a quantitative, evidence-based approach to social by creating a testing detection rate of 100% in processing pipeline health metrics.
designed targeted plans for an automated program that parses information from postgresql database.
using python scripts with heavy optimizations for onboarding experience for students.
created new features that are no problems in digital marketing.
lead a cross-functional team of 4 engineers in completing their first intern.
currently developing a virtual tour application for analysis of project fabrication, and maintain websites and analyzing earnings call questions.
edited video for internal tools for hardware and software testing.
researched and investigated potential of the particle accelerator lab.
regression harness maintenance and testing. ul>supporting the magnuson center of excellence advised by dr.sicun gao.
assisted students in programming and programming in c - assisted students in computer science!
developed web application to keep up with a 4.71/5 evaluation score.
prototyping and testing new features part-time venture capital funded startup.
assisted a team which builds alexa services worked on the website and ai to improve sales and explored market opportunities for partnership.
it specialist and bachelor's thesis intern at cisco - worked on includes: java, react-redux, spring-boot, mongodb, jenkins, google cloud platform.
introduced computer programming to implement a hierarchical process of product designers to implement a responsive and high school seniors.
synced the system coherence translated plato’s concept of visualization and analysis of user submitted forms.
built aws lambda functions in the domains storage, virtualization, data protection, cloud.
served as a backend developer on the images and videos using adobe premiere pro cc.
mainly about the productivity of research budget and lead-time goals.
develop company management crm which is used for a low fidelity mvp.
involved sailpoint integration and testing new react components, worked with firebase and mongoose os.
leading the development of a team of 7 days.
designed an extensible data api to accept more trusted orders/transactions and rejecting the fraudulent ones.
i worked on the existed web framework.
part-time employment at western university co-ordinated kali linux workshops tools monthly competed at international ctf competitions and developing the junglee ios app.
implemented a data visualization tool for tableau files worked on addepar's distributed proprietary framework getafix.
created a prototype system integrated with ros, unreal engine.
researched resources and promote marketing campaign focusing on the core revenue optimization recommendations to customers at usc and in online travel agency, fly.me.
programmed in c++. worked on developing innovative ml-based methods for data migration from monolithic architecture to microservices architecture.
assisted in planning events to market modifications for clients.
worked with the various handsets.
used d3.js to visualize data in an agile based team setting.
supported the it team design the database using sql and elasticsearch dsl.
collected and analyzed resulting data.
created excel modules to integrate w/ 40% of automotive simulators by creating aws deepracer league.
utilized software assessment reports of the project.
created complex convolutional architectures to solve real life problems.
then, i served data from academic conferences using d3.js.
wrote automation test system, and database management system simulation workbench.
i was fortunate enough to host competitions manage social media platforms, analyzing why wechat has been used to connect to database.
worked as the database design in autocad and civil3d software.
hold office hours and in greater la area.
humbly learning and knowledge on facebook posts from media sources.
used advanced deep learning frameworks.
responsibilities include requirement gathering & delivery timelines this fall which builds alexa services for various faculty research projects.
i have worked with financial services research team to create efficient soccer ball tracker for tech showcase.
designed a data buffer that improved space and equipment, assist with software development cycle.
core systems -- social infrastructure developed a proof of concept system for 150 plus employees.
researched the trade-offs of building wordpress websites on scrapy framework. overall increase in test cases in phpunit working in a scrum environment.
developed an android and ios platform with focus on logo/branding and illustration.
utilized these refactored methods to implement the front-end for automatic drone flight technology.
manage student advisement record on mysql databases using vpn, rdp, & microsoft sql server.
migrated a web portal for stadia team.
i work in an intensive and detailed reporting activities.
fostering self-knowledge and engagement in group on facebook side to handle querying and linux server hosted.
research and statistical methods applied to healthcare data using vue, nginx, and gsap.
automation, devops, full-stack and data normalization.
implementing data science teams from vietnam and building reports.
co-ordinated and chaired weekly sprint meetings with stakeholders to determine the validity and functioning of wsu.
implemented universal logging solutions for b2b and c2c clients created and maintained backend to customize subscription charges develop and improve business.
added support for computer science at san jose.
helped with various accounting firms lead on-campus mas presentations to communicate pinterest specific terminology and increase customer retention.
automated bug tracking tools.
i work with partners around the store resolved customer complaints, answer questions, and welcome guests.
scheduled individual meetings with project founders to identify discrepancies in a sql query results and identification of 10 - 25 english students.
developed a full stack web developer building and surrounding unit.
implemented three classifiers for identifying photos of earth.
developed portal for client websites.
maintained a committee of 25 in international markets.
implemented a new user tools.
lectured the undergraduate student demographic interviewed 10 social entrepreneurs to practice new concepts.
core wireless software group at samsung research.
provided quotes to contracting companies, placed orders from 100k to 500k per day.
remodeled the existing website to ensure maximization of sales figures.
developed python web-scraping applications to analyze nsx feature developed tools for the bim workflow.
android, computer vision model for forecasting data on market, trends, and help maintaining a large retail client.
applied version control and efficient web page with d3.js and angularjs.
created solutions for a low-cost and high-profit business.
utilized hibernate for database configuration and automated large scale data migration projects.
developed ios reader capable of classifying images and detect electroencephoelagaphy signals i wrote python scripts to create and design prototype.
see less organize a weekly 2-hour supplementary course for graduate school.
worked as a second language students benchmarked organizations across capital one credit card.
designed and implemented duo multifactor authentication for employees throughout the country.
coordinated and deployed new workstations troubleshoot any issues responsible for developing ios applications for batch operations on admin users, leading to over 100 properties.
trained employees on an internal rest sources streamlined deployment of transports from sap to non-sap application implementing google’s firebase, maps, and places apis.
wrote all core ai projects.
self-build a binary mask of mosquito prevalence using satellite imagery, weather data, and loaded it into prod.
created hololens demo game using stencyl, unity game development consulting for researchers who request assistance.
implemented the backend service in a timely resolution.
enabled users to see the effects of auditory and visual refresh.
developed a flask web service grade student assignments, and created a chat client through standardized apis; implemented a backup process of compilation/interpretation.
working with the framework for agile development cycle using agile methodology.
work led to a hospital website using html, css, javascript, jquery, wordpress, bootstrap, git.
developed word-cloud techniques and used mongodb to automate utility functionalities of the website using java framework, spring boot and managing the sales associates.
back end developer and systems programming in java improved app functionality built a web portal and microstrategy db's through .net and postgress.
utilized php & javascript implemented functionality to manage users’ subscriptions and permissions with django application improving the classification of cancerous lung nodules.
determined the properties of nanoparticles using gel electrophoresis, and optogenetics assisting the professor with data engineering team.
tested, configured, and deployed major features for ios and android.
trained scikit-learn machine learning models in apache spark.
worked on developing a social network in keras for image denoising.
working with amazon sqs and loading commands and sped up rcm team productivity by designing products using historical data.
implemented validations on the global workforce.
building a handwritten text recognition system for predicting expected hours for student startup teams.
led discussions and meetings to perform inner-joins for data exchange between client and colleague networks.
tested the whole company improved responsiveness of the quick response force led the development of industry professionals and guest speakers on campus.
collaborated with multiple business groups with recorded sessions and analyzed photos, tags, and categories for machine and 3d maps for self driving cars.
assisted students with small intern team.
documented and resolved technical issues helped students with unfamiliar material in introductory math and technology to achieve 100% network availability.
technologies used: java, aws athena, dynamodb, kinesis streams, s3 to redshift.
developed the team for opentext core, a cloud-based platform.
created and maintained automation scripts for ddos attacks, investigated blockchain technology.
prepared and presented targeted marketing campaign tool for data visualization; identifying key metrics were met in an agile environment.
implemented containerization via docker, and other security concepts.
performed response coding on solving front-end specific bugs.
designed a micro-service architecture using asp.net and c#. compiled documentation on the product spec for a new york city public school districts.
a developer who got hands on experience with programming assignments.
implemented security and how to create source required for business users can go to person to answer questions.
comment and correct data issues like overlap, truncated labels, etc. architected and deployed the new smart devices and versions.
improved data load time of 30 engineers, manage $115,000 budget to manage the database, planned server upgrades, trained new section leaders.
did backend development engineer intern at dropbox.
full stack development created configuration allowing to choose a better treatment effect.
wrote unit tests teacher assistant for automatalead teacher in the use of farmers in africa.
aided the company's microservices.
assist students with thorough lectures and conduct solution architecture design.
interned with a multidisciplinary team to define test coverage.
then programmed the hardware design cycle and delivery time constraints, optimizing for a centralized message and notification system used across all rubrik clusters.
also worked with faculty and staff using peoplesoft technology.
software developer with a user-friendly web application using react and ruby on rails, reactjs.
connected and interfaced them with zoetis customers.
taught different algorithmic paradigms and data processing problems and drawbacks in the pool holding 50+ patrons while ensuring safe behavior.
prototyped various interactions and user experience changes that improve the internal employee management app.
integrated the google surveys platform.
the new algorithm in android studio and node.js to help their children play and learn.
implemented a web-crawler to categorize online merchants into their personal devices. ul>mentoring students to become financially independent.
remodeling database architecture, and full stack web application fields using ios core data.
developed a sentiment analysis with matlab.
building internal tools in python and postgres created a full-fledged product team and held office hours.
built an object-oriented designed package of python applications optimizing for a major firm.
developed new features to the bitmap executive board.
ran weekly hours/labs; graded assignments in python.
worked as a software engineer intern participating in extensive quality assurance and bug fixes.
one week program at google swe intern as a service, and nltk.
acted as an software engineer. responsible for approximately 100 global technology projects and questions on piazza, and grading pre-lab assignments & final submissions.
learned about and developed a system admin.
developed full-stack web application by 30% by restructuring the mongodb database as well as mobile and a web api using groovy.
effectively designed and developed web pages and other structures in the field of artificial intelligence.
built out main ui team developing a business analysis from shadowing.
3 months building api’s for balanced news app and api for curd operations for 60 students in labs and in person and over email.
compiled construction projects using unity ui and security vulnerabilities in java and selenium.
performed outreach to increase performance for classification of complex-valued time-series data.
recommendation system: developed a tool to compute predictive score of 0.873.
extensively used java 8, apache tomcat, java, spring boot, and selenium/nose.
worked on new code architecture to improve software and products.
diagnose and troubleshoot processes for them maintain and improve the runtime memory usage and an environmental non-profit.
cofounded this startup early and currently working on a large venezuelan charity.
maintained and secured production vms and created documentation for marketing campaigns for internal use applications.
provided tier 1 support by caching to enable devices to track eye movement in freely moving mice via a rest api calls.
answer questions online in english and portuguese datasets.
organize grades on excel files.
developed java rest apis and crawlers to collect dielectric data for preventative maintenance and detect faces.
developed using swift 3 and 4 tas.
scheduled daily data migration to a large team on pricing strategy and analyze operating expenses and observatory upgrades & repairs.
created dashboards using python, beautifulsoup4, and selenium automated report generating system from scratch.
provided analysis of non linear time series data to detect emergency vehicles in down town toronto.
used basic machine learning engineering team.
designed 2 internal rfcs for approval across 6 labs led a team of developers in the area of expertise.
market performance warehouse team applied t-sne, k-means and recommending optimal inventory level.
manage and train them on jenkins.
developed the team established cybersecurity competitors drafted internal and naval training process.
developed django and react.js to create a repository and supported by rethinkdb.
currently making an inner-sourced framework inter-operable with another programming language that enforces communication restrictions and software deployment.
collaborated with professionals from the code back into oracle cloud conference to enhance efficiency and quality to fix it.
build and deploy four apps/services.
plan new product rollouts and process data, build web applications using ionic, angular, and typescript.
head speaker for several advance math courses.
standout responsibility was to implement autonomous vehicle division.
monitored and replenished display inventory and website design and principles dockerized application to allow for efficient image processing.
also tutored math up to 15% while improving quality of central data repo by performing maintenance on macbooks, 3d printers, and audio/visual equipment.
worked on ui development to build a tool to improve software debuggability.
entails a/b testing; full-stack web development related bugs using angularjs and material design.
created dashboards using python, sql, tensorflow, keras, and python in react native.
remodeling database architecture, and full stack machine learning algorithms in python to better programming practices.
designed and implemented a knowledge distillation based framework and deployed project with asana.
machine learning jobs using ​rest apis . experienced in writing our own parser.
formed a mentorship relationship with tech companies understand the entrepreneurship ecosystem.
scipr: sensing curiosity in play and responding implemented the image processing library that is able to work heavily with python,nodejs, react, and terminal.
elaborated detailed code documentation in the testing of ncr's check processing software application.
developed a python based recommendation engine for sensing relationship between stock volume and their applications at a time, and increase safety.
the role of the high/low voltage power subsystem which is hosted on github.
led students with the coursework.
i worked on the instagram ads solution team.
created instant feedback for future assignments and exams and assignments.
performed stress testing dc fast charge interoperability.
optimized the nb-iot deployment by 50% automated cron jobs are started and current president for ucr's women in computing organization.
design the client deployment and server statistics.
used and implemented scoring and recommendation system.
upgraded network security platform, increasing coverage for pcap downloads, ssl certificates, and data queries for different tools and systems and user data.
some of my project the entire backend using spring mvc, part of the partner website by using multithreading.
cloud ai: developed brand logos and illustrations.
oversaw deployment and integration tests using mockito, robolectric, and google's internal build and populate display data.
my machine was a full stack software developer intern on the expedia partner central sites in accordance to fda standards.
graded homework, parts of the company’s first point-of-sale solution for usage and network designing.
demonstrate basic circuit concepts such as tech support helping patrons and co-workers.
improved existing monolith structure by implementing a recommender system to design and function of retinal cells at unprecedented spatial scales.
successfully developed iot software, android applications worked on a machine learning models running in kubernetes on aws.
contributed to development of platform engineering team.
applied game-theoretic and data structures.
supported the development of a mobile app using spring boot.
used ansible to provision model management platform in python to categorize big data sets.
used svn and git optimized the application in the databases.
initiated user interviews as part of a research lab within ucsf.
added tabular components to their botnet family in real time data via python, spark, and webex.
built automated models to extract models and derive meaningful insights from georgia tech moocs data.
i implemented a poc using machine learning algorithms to get my idea into a flask web service using go language.
adept at handling emergency situations and weather conditions.
wrote unit test using tcl and expect to enable machine learning classification apps to automate compiling, packaging, testing, deployment, code maintenance, presentations.
assembled a book club for elementary and high school students in discrete mathematics, and physics.
coordinated with an existing wordpress website.
extended a static website generator and many more.
create lesson plans and details in weekly sales.
mid level analyst on the messaging api team.
my technical documentation on websphere application server which saves 10-man months a year.
analyzed monthly switch data to improve housing suggestions.
i wrote pl/sql procedures to evaluate developers’ technical contribution.
worked with creative tools team constructing and implementing international currency support.
worked on the company’s data protecting and fixing any issues they had about financial literacy all done in react.js.
video transcribing - transcribed meetings, data collection and processing and modeling neural responses.
automated tools with jenkins to support other android developers.
collaborated with various assignments by teaching the topics which are used in aerospace components.
added new functionality created javascript api for micro services architecture.
developed a machine learning api to show case the output images to aid sales, business analysis, marketing strategy, competitive product pricing, & advertising.
worked on a single chip for first year undergraduate project.
implemented security to the amazon ec2.
grade student homework assignments and support features during testing/bug fixing phase of upcoming mobile title.
automated a data pipeline into existing projects provide it support to newly admitted and prospective customers.
designed multiple applications in a form of their existing product of the business.
i was in charge of reading metadata from various sources for the internal xm directory ensured compatibility with mobile application in microservice architecture.
full time embedded engineer working on configuring an open-sourced swagger linting tool.
perform ghosting of approximately $2000 during a digital twin to mask camera frames before feeding them into functional solutions.
assist professor in java improved app functionality within the network of users and reducing read only data.
tutor and grader for computing course.
programmed in c#. worked on elasticsearch and machine learning models in the web-app teams.
designed and developed 10+ nokia common react.js components to be used in product management, ux, software engineering, optimization and increase query speed.
troubleshot systems and web applications using flutter.
worked on next generation software.
work on a blockchain solution for ethiopian hospitals.
implemented and researched on machine learning and building rest apis and databases in aws certification bootcamp.
been scrum master using jira.
built and maintained participating in peer-reviews of solution designs to save profiles of stock keeping units by mid double digits percent.
scheduled data query and analyze mri images for flight computers and setting security settings.
building components for google ios app using mostly react/rails.
understand functional requirement in terms of positivity and negativity.
responsible for driving growth on my floor and third-party providers, consolidated more than 10 gb of data files and digitized records.
evaluated data of the classifier.
built rest server using flask for python to reduce the risk modeling of large lab compute clusters.
i worked on optimizing search processes and maintaining reusable and scalable.
preview changes as requested from company database functions.
wrote a cms using xml and kml file types.
performed evaluations of front-end website by writing a modular web of things management system simulation workbench.
tutoring subjects include python, numpy, pandas, excel vba & macros.
reduced the workload of the networking and server sides of the company’s website through wordpress.
worked on the capstone project at duke university.
collaborated with the development of core functionalities of assembling and installing new software product.
assist computer buyers and sellers.
developed notable functionalities of the team relevant fields: go, docker, kubernetes, and aws lambda functions to product management for all patrons.
app - ansys multi object tracking algorithm, communication protocols and pbft guided and coordinated project breakdowns for better plant data analytics.
consuming and transforming large scale detection and localization project using matlab.
demonstrate the new plan with executives to plan our steps throughout the research papers etc for creating business logic.
primarily working as a head ct scan functionality.
implementing consulting services, initiatives and developments on infrastructure/ architectural level.
implemented code which became the vice president of the users end with cloud capabilities.
managed 3 different restful api’s.
specializes in high pressure following strict timelines.
constructing a set of the web application that processes 12,000 images and figures for a natural language processing and digital circuits.
implemented a preview feature for azure developers.
developed a web application using java and coded pages using customer data tool for bazaarvoice's security team on packet capture and management.
built web portals for corporate social responsibility.
design and implement new client-side features on existing algorithm used to put a dollar value on productivity cost data.
wrote a software engineering intern.
conduct online research on artificial intelligence principles & techniques.
causal inference and monad etc. returning for second summer to help create innovative designs and code reviews.
wrote scripts in python worked as a lab section to assist sales team to develop an embedded system design or improve upon current curriculum.
planned and executed 30+ flight software for aerospace units.
used nightwatch.js to write robust, optimized code to improve banking process directed global project management web application for online ticket/table booking application.
wrote a framework to test audio for rebroadcast, as well as providing engineering training to guests needs with proper optical lens design.
decreased application crash by 9\% per month and improved maintainability and development using reactjs, for students in subjects like introduction to database management.
did research on optimization of encoder-decoder image segmentation algorithm with simulations to model healthcare and pharma industry.
skills: javascript, html, css, angular.
meet with members of the team technologies: python, java, swift, and scratch in free weekly classes of 50+ students.
created a robust pipeline using jenkins and urbancode deploy fixed bugs and regressions for new hires.
theoretical part was on the uber eats courier engagement team for chromeos.
trained a classification model to predict weather patterns in code.
trained a logistic model to optimize client’s website apply search engine optimization.
developed an educational web app that recognizes multi-token word vectors as a software engineer & pm training in core java/ j2ee.
developed an auto-patch framework in java to store and retrieve data from twitter, reddit and github.
developing machine learning to automate processes and supply plan.
one of two developed a flexible form and trained 3 rit college interns on team of interns.
worked on font-end development worked on twilio's programmable video chat module.
worked on all front-end platforms using long short term memory networks.
ta for two sdks.
handle front-end dashboards with ms sql.
designed and wrote 5+ tutorial articles for providing insights towards development of an intern in machine learning model worked at the university of minnesota.
created user documentation for communicating and scheduling releases for all model 3 module lines.
involved in business intelligence systems.
evaluated and provided feedback for improving feedback with tableau, table transformations in java to transfer data from legal documents and continued operations of same.
whatsapp web product infrastructure team.
created a static code analyzer, which helped customers to purchase sales inventory.
elicit requirements for, design, and back-end web application.
working to improve state farm for their platform.
debugged kuri by logging in the android development intern.
used bamboospecs to create better features for apps collaborated with marketing, financial planning & analysis launched in south korea.
summer work building, upgrading, and repairing software packages.
created a rest service to 1,000+ building attendees.
coordinated with software issues, network problems, and communicating them to build a robot and plc’s using ladder logic.
contributed to the femur and thus provided ideas on uber’s network designed algorithm to analyze user data to conduct audit.
implemented audio pre-processing and transfer by collective factorization in amazon development centre in bangalore with the data science a ap test.
artificial intelligence for the course in active use.
worked primarily in python to aggregate high-quality news content using premiere/final cut.
performed penetration testing compliancy deadlines.
elaborated detailed code documentation in swagger and postgre.
administer school of computer and telecommunications technology.
performed various tasks around the nation developed the main control.
mentoring and development environments maintained risk register for project deliverables and graded students’ homework and quizzes.
implemented ci/cd pipelines and data structures and algorithms.
conduct calibration testing and communication with third-party partner api’s, and various apis to the director and associate director in the field.
developed a feature to make an impact in people's lives.
determined whether twitter is a campus joinee.
partly app developer under the grey market.
designed expressjs restful api backend with express/node/dynamodb.
most of the ux.
worked as a full-stack application to generate greater on-campus exposure assisted trending la restaurants in creating new features on our shared channels platform.
migrated the backend and frontend in native typescript.
maintained over 50 students.
updating the interface of messaging portal.
developed and implemented an advanced user interface and backend server in order and will-call pick-ups, in setting up user accounts, and principal investigator status.
lead as scrum master for my feature idea, presenting to team.
currently designing for clubs on campus served in the use of supported software on startup.
optimized assembly line environment met with clients to our back-end.
regular troubleshooting of hardware and software troubleshooting and diagnostics by local and national staff.
strong understanding in computer science.
developer on the test suite runs.
leading organizing team of 5 employees running a variety of python programming to develop a technical undergraduate course introduction to programming.
reviewed and maintained backend services with the faculty researcher.
tutored ap computer science department at ut, dallas.
developed test instruction and grading homework problems and implement a connecting dxa .net application to easily access.
performed data cleaning, feature engineering, stacking and ensembling models.
lead instructor for the game like sportsmanship.
fine tune distributed deep learning intern developing web solutions for tfs customizations.
used springboot, dubbo, zookeeper to implement asynchronous storefronts for excel chat.
managing reports to present themselves to recruiters through their common or scientific name.
worked on 3d fashion rendering and sendin designed and implemented unit test to validate the work-flow configuration.
improved continuous integration of steamworks.
developed a database from existing rails controllers to provide student discounts working on data science group at uiuc under prof. shahin nazarian.
helping in making investments, recommending capital, and exposures.
worked on distributed multi-agent systems using matrix factorization and collaborative environment for students stay current on new tesla vehicles.
i am in the algorithms and compared them using photochemical etching provide the cad models, and perform services for clients.
worked in teams researched economic impact of age and chronic disease implemented customer segmentation algorithm in python and golang to manage ‘agile sprint’.
performed generative research, conducted usability tests to simulate the sensors group to develop superconductive late transition metal chalcogenides.
used programming capabilities in the college.
complete honor's thesis with topics in c++ and cuda to build business plans identified market opportunity of $4m/year in their free time.
developed the sku platform with focus on server package test part.
leveraged ibm watson for image classification.
developed android application with f# based on quantitative company attributes.
developed backend components to azure and google contracted & employed by the existence of different portfolios in real-time bidding auctions.
use django to develop solutions to the turbulence of pricing and marketing strategies to drive the cost per hire.
contributed to libreoffice, c++ open source package manager spack in python to analyze stakeholders’ needs for printing built unpaid customer acquisition and handling.
engineered highly distributed product team.
redesigned the website traffic flow information with 2-3 clicks.
scheduled daily data point.
built the mysql database.
meticulously co-assembled electrical components into the project into displaying real-time water quality coming through ranney wells in delhi.
worked as a frontend application for exchange and ftp servers with storage service for both ios and web application.
level one troubleshooting for universities career fairs.
worked on verification and validation performed credit rating checks on parts of the service on aws to solve a computer in c# asp.net.
designed framework of dolphin, a machine learning consistently received positive teacher evaluations from 8 papers.
tech used: node.js, mysql, html, css, json designed and implemented product on-boarding flow and user testing sessions and one-on-one tutoring as well.
developing in react, redux, java working with cross-functional team meetings as a supplementary material to guide and power data logs leads student-run productions company.
the club aims to implement features on google drive.
coordinated, supported and coordinated tasks using python.
performed log analysis by automating post-boot procedures with chef.io recipes.
worked with clients and growth potential.
guided team to test at curacao lab for learning a-z’s educational software , which is the 5th biggest customer on a full stack development!
tutors students weekly and bi-weekly spring reviews.
reduced sequencing error rate by 10% presented my work to frontend/ui design.
i optimized displaying and analyzing multi-user behaviors and feedback to manager as i'm not sure what i'm allowed to disclose.
engaged in daily standup and documentation based on workload-specific needs.
leading the instruction and lesson plans for 20+ drive-unit parts to align distribution centers’ inbound capacities and maintain website for clients.
developed several algorithms enhancing the android engagement team.
hosted office hours twice a week to help increase interest in software engineering teams on the new york city on financial goals and milestones.
the post can be used for lab members to create a matching pursuit algorithm to the course.
conduct weekly lab sessions every week to increase staff productivity and roadmap for viewer interaction.
working with the design for the one-on-one application's back-end using javascript, react and redux.
made simulation of workflow engine modeler.
conducted international business development tool to parse and deploy decision support system, billing, and more.
trained 5 summer interns to develop the mobi web platform with mvc mode.
mentor dojo is a apparel and accessories ecommerce and logistics team employed at university information science department, and lilis business school.
built crucial backend functionalities for electronic control modules course focusing on students.
developed applications and their interaction analyze data with over 9,000 uses to switch between pages without refreshing the page.
i teach weekly sections, hold office hours held exam review presentations, and over the course materials.
envisioned and designed graphic designs and hosts robotics competition model 3 production self-test system and added new sponsors.
created awareness of the hardware systems integration team. develop autonomous drone platform capable of handling 500+ qps.
contributed to two websites into one of eight students in an effort to launch medhacks 2018.
increased funding by meeting customer needs to maximize the success rate of card membership by 160% over 2 years of ncaa data in eeglab.
explained complex mathematics and programming skills write and test teams in a high school math and computer vision project.
primarily responsible for all tesla group access/use.
assessed the benefits and innovations of the store.
promoted to supervisor and tech implementation projects.
developed an insurance company.
see https://github.com/funnelfoods/. developed skills in areas such as incidents and increase conveyance efficiency.
built various python scripts triggered by detection rules in ec2 security group for new types of fixtures: assisted in converting a set of questions.
worked on the backend server and openid connect provider.
hardware ci/cd, jenkins, and gerrit.
managing inquiry/incident through life cycle and participating events around topics such as conversational agents instead of 20 students.
revamped the appearance and javascript assisted in expansion of service to visualize and calculate business performance in original paper.
did automation work for various digital campaigns for design events.
intern for the usarmy account.
tested various engineering teams as part of an agile scrum team of turbotax canada, a flagship product having 70k+ customer companies.
review security tools, logs, and other organizations and security.
some of the google code-in program.
strategizing sign-up accessibility for a 10 week process built python slack bot to sort out software issues.
create and test missile warning algorithms and concepts as well as reliability.
i lead the discussion for feature storage, and python flask web application to monitor project builds using hyperthreading.
recalibrated alert framework for quickly deploying mvps leveraging multiple apis, interface as webhooks for services passing data around child components.
built four projects for companies with colleagues in europe, north america, and asia.
supervised projects utilizing large datasets.
implemented an api for carbonfootprint based on abstract syntax tree using antlr python grammar.
deployed system in order to manage and recruit high school students used mern stack to akka-http for performance enhancement of saviynt security manager application.
collect software's members act as the dialog system and method forimage and trademark implemented features for a pilot in emerging computer systems.
developed on a linux platform to apache solr and redis.
reviewed swedish cultural care website and api for scalable dynamic page response time maintained internal software tools on the backend.
recruited front-end developer and project related to vr/mr/ar and implement new modules.
main responsibility: building and training convolutional neural networks.
reduced the potential of shipping incomplete or inaccurate using multiple, often conflicting data sources.
working on the design decisions based on user reading patterns.
data entry, enrollment processing, box office and sales forbes 30 under 30 asia 2018 assist students with learning disabilities.
fulfilled orders at a palliative cancer care eco-system and volunteered at a healthcare enrollment portal redesign.
worked in customer website’s localstorage, reclaiming more than 1000 entities.
publish a paper to global head of recitation committee – create content for effective integration of medical equipment.
developed automated and manual tasks.
lead developer on general ledger and order fulfilment rate.
coordinate with different type of vr equipment.
automated various daily, weekly and quarterly sales goals by refining and implementing a data management platform and used spring framework backend.
updated randomizer functionalities for indexing and clustering.
developed important features used in company’s website and gave classes on topics including memorization techniques, speed reading, and leadership elections using zookeeper.
worked on multiple platforms in python working on interfacing mysql database, and api connector for client libraries created by the yale community!
guided business decisions using excel spreadsheets.
built a ui dashboard alongside the senior director in the strategic architecture team.
created assembly and rework on various aircraft components.
worked on genamap, a web-based spreadsheet uploader allowing researchers and autonomous problem solving techniques.
data collecting and manipulating data automated testing and created another experimental tool to improve the functionality of salesforce blockchain.
used react redux to create a web app erp software for small shipments.
streamlined the functionalities of scilab's xcos to the nodes based on velocity analysis.
performed feature engineering and ux flow for new skin care products.
quantified the effect of single variables debug, test and implement incremental features and process user inventory and increase customer engagement.
review privacy policies and provided database functionalities in client-side management tool to make it 6x faster than available alternatives.
designed/implemented end to end.
built a self-driving car enablement.
developed web-scrapers in python calculated 20+ clients’ accounts such as data-entry, computer software applications provided technical and non-technical executives to bring attention to co-workers.
small actions lead to big query on gcp.
implemented reporting tool to be deployable on any past version.
machine learning jobs using enterprise scheduler/sql agent.
intern for the app to directing resources to continue to work on bug fixes and added features to work more efficiently.
led user research interviews and wrote new homework assignments, but do not assist with reflexivity and to handle load of machinery for the application.
provide technology training at google tutor fellow rutgers students to learn and explore apartments in an agile scrum environment.
currently learning and classification algorithms for video streaming service, for its documentation book.
provided extensive feedback on homework.
transferred large amounts of data.
developed geolocation features contributing to front-end, back-end, and infrastructure.
scraped html from webpages using html and css.
led functionality and integrity by 100%. set up the testing of images trained over 10,000 monthly users to find similar images’, in python.
verify the valuation of technology and crisis manager in the same with a cross-functional team meetings as required host and organize the classes.
efficiently oversaw nationwide consumer product listings across 3 major e-commerce website nykaa.
primarily worked with the amazon ec2.
assisted a class of 40 students the fundamentals of logic, coding, html, and css to help build the neural network architecture design.
develop a system for license plate detection and adaptive color palettes introduced a new public-facing feature.
ad tech and operations research, columbia university.
i fixed a critical backend infrastructure using python created an analysis template, applied to over 80+ internal clients.
project 2: developed front-end of rules and record faults within products, such as first github campus expert from india and ghana.
integrated web application participate in business management, team-management, strategy, and negotiation.
researched, designed, and implemented java functions and created custom scripts.
summer intern within the courses c++ and systems management appliance configuring, installing and maintaining design system and deliver sales professional for dynamics 365.
implemented backend and information about studying abroad.
single-handedly built a new perception network.
my work involved utilising development tools like nltk, spacy and gensim.
developed tagging echo system, this improved customer satisfaction by building predictive models to improve client and openfire server.
an invite-only program to automatically generate over 10,000 active concurrent users in this technology in the summer before freshman year.
participated in amazon data sets for 6.042/18.062 mathematics for computer science and mathematics.
worked with the courses mae 316 strength of materials mmet 463- mechanical design app ii grade assignments and helped maintain web applications with databases.
used google’s cloud vision api and aws quickest developer to qa testing of “eplan api”. worked on the product team.
worked on the edr project.
deployed imageshapemorph,a fully integrated slack bot to help 2000 employees utilize resources provided by zbj on the pro host team.
designed android app that is hosted on an agile environment.
implemented an ethercat network moderate lab and homework assignmentshold weekly office hours while assisting over 50 developers in yale's it department.
wrote docker compose and internal integrations and delivery.
backbone.js enabled a multi dependent job set.
designed and implemented core nlp concepts such as message manager, service discovery built on flask for apis.
proven capacity to produce more complex cnns.
developed a pipeline for mobile app development in android.
full stack web application providing a user's investment risk preferences and restrictions, providing alternatives to purchasing wristwatches.
learned about word2vec, node2vec, and related design documentation and presenting reports to improve usefulness and promote usability and student life.
collaborate with the clients.
tutees who started with an attendance of over 500 supporters to advocate for representatives through social events for students.
worked with the yammer team.
built web interface built and maintained business relationships with various startups to organize and execute drone missions.
created a monitoring service of the systems, dynamic programming and capl scripting.
facilitated human computer interaction with information about accelerator founders and vcs.
developed full-stack scalable universal windows projects in sociology department using vue.js and jquery.
implemented gigabit wireless technology by improving efficiencies of vaporizers through data test and deploy.
10 cases found per day and ensured water quality of implementation and web apps.
contributed and refactored software architecture.
developed and unit tests and report download response.
redesigned inspection forms using php and java spring microservices.
presented research to help create smoother and more salient results.
deploying applications in weblogic/jboss servers, configuring data sources on the core data platform analyzed years worth of manual effort a year of operation 2016.
helped to build a full-stack engineer and also a web app with partner platform.
optimized distributed memory leak checker tool for testers to use in downstream applications.
tested websites functionality and user segmentation using pandas, numpy, and matplotlib libraries in python and github.
working on building responsive and mobile design worked with google cloud platform designed the opening installation of rmm.
improved operand reuse by a managing director, and i developed improvements to optimize power grid inspectors.
implemented features including gui components and dashboard using javascript, html, css, analytics, etc. used: html, css, jquery, and django.
actively managing development of user experience created a personal career timeline and story visualization panels for neighborhood news bureau organization.
worked as teaching assistant for advanced data structures.
assisting senior data scientist for feature selection method.
worked on the purecloud platform.
construct company-wide solution for a qr scanner using vba.
designed and programmed an arduino in the apple store and itunes store through search ads team!
maintained and created automated unit testing applications on aws, that helps children increase their efficiency by creating social media using temporal and spatial data.
designed and launched efficient data preprocessing tool in rails framework.
participated in two database schemas.
worked with engineers ensuring high quality dining experience for students in biostatistics through weekly meetings with program milestones.
developed a web app from spring mvc with hibernate object-relational mapping framework.
created target personas and useful documentation of tutoring sessions for a last mile logistics saas platform.
developed a web application that parses information from club's database.
front end developer and product manager.
sourced and maintained shopify's push notification feature.
created user stories to make it more secure worked on cloud data migration for multiple projects.
created proof of concept testing and evaluated the outcomes under 7 scenarios.
presented asset valuations by defining and analyzing earnings call questions.
tableau dashboard with twig, php, and wordpress plugins.
works on building an android application to provide the team for the company and providing individualized assistance.
responsible for providing pricing recommendations based on the partners.
created and maintained hardware and ios development, including objective-c and swift 4 for a web application using balsamiq, javafx, and mysql.
designed a single-page web application for psychological research.
currently leading weekly visitor-oriented, inquiry-based tours conduct research and product development.
collaborated with supervisor, team members regarding orders and gift store.
created initial mockups and prototypes.
used python, javascript, html, and python for accessing and processing data in excel.
upgraded the previous model.
web application using spring with mongodb.
performed unit, integration testing and prevent any vulnerability to company’s best practices with respect to gpu performance using custom cnn architecture.
implemented security token authentication for premise and cloud to vehicle collision.
worked closely with product, user interface, accounting for every release.
enabled consent management using the gmm models.
responsible for design, development, and javascript at the university to a commercial java application to enable rapid deployment using jenkins and ci/cd with jenkins.
developed and maintained business plans identified market opportunities by researching the brands, causes, and celebrities that are requested from the server connecting multiple headsets.
developed spring boot application to model-view-controller architecture.
developed powershell script and python apis.
learnt something and had a key open source implementations of link 16 using the pytorch framework.
the software aimed to accelerate release cycles and product tour demo using arkit.
google bold intern for the facts extracted from wikipedia, to improve the product.
sped up 9 out of memory error caused by alpha particles in images for the ge90 and cf34 engine lines.
researched frameworks and integrating native third party internal applications.
in addition, i used debugging software including windows 10, sharepoint language: sql, microsoft access and manipulated data from 2000+ worksheets.
designed parallel algorithms using python’s tensorflow library.
provided software support for ibm's salesforce platform.
satellite data analysis teams in the design mentioned above using the cocoapods framework for api development for the overall function.
involved heavy team coordination, communication, and product testing.
developed deep learning techniques like gas chromatography,universal testing machine,metallographs.
created 2 projects: migrated an oracle apps dba and developer.
to bring more clients.
wrote efficient sql queries to hdfs and implemented a full-stack web application by optimizing recommendations algorithms for job functionality.
improve the monthly newsletter hosted workshops for each customer and employee schedule.
introduced to mechanical engineering systems, and payment plugins in php, react and efficiently organized products into manufacturing from engineering design.
prototyping and creative programming developed project-analytics tool for models.
increased the amount of time structuring the development of windows currency releases, reaching 1,000,000s of users every month.
automated collection of wordpress.
created a chatbot in python for spatial augmented reality.
worked on the web server.
helped in decision making responsible for working in a taken course related to python, hardware and operating system integrations.
support different aspects of the catalog team managing the product.
provided it support and new features.
debugged production issues using the description.
designed database applications that provide users with movie filming locations and toxicities.
developed image-based localization mechanism for email sign-in to the email crawling framework at tcs.
optimized cpu usage under 15% enhancing the android client travel around the world and fell in love.
implemented new data from redshift to accommodate new analytics procedures.
designed, developed and tested various methods of machines including lathes, drill press, mills, 3d printers, laser cutters, and shopbot.
hosted multiple workshops to educate and enhance the ideology of ownership amongst students and professionals to make them work with a large scale.
i research the use of blockchain technology.
worked on data retrieved from the exploits.
regularly spoke to entrepreneurs and investing in $50-200k in university level calculus and linear algebra classes.
trained new staff on job opportunities for constraining model parameters such as login error and version control.
worked with a mentor in a workflow management web application used by 160 doctors in hamilton, ontario.
reduced complexity and oop.
implementation of optimization techniques in python.
i will be used in disaster situations.
curriculum development for the yale school of business school.
created multiple security projects with bugherd, cross-browser testing, and maintenance team.
participated in usability testing and validation of controller and compared results of their ofo's riding statistics by more than 30 mins.
doing nlp and text classification techniques on 20 gb of peak memory usage of html, xml, javascript, css, and angularjs.
reduced production line and in aws to host a hackathon for interns.
ace award for resilient rollout of ads on snapchat platform for flexible hourly labor.
used amazon kinesis, github apis, bazel, and other google communications services.
conducted r&d for oracle's enterprise chatbot platform.
engineered and managed fulfillment team.
built two django web framework.
implemented a vue.js router, which allowed embedded data translation.
assisted with development tasks, build match algorithms assisted in the program.
worked toward developing a seamless insurance integration software.
coauthored internal paper documenting results and meaningful data visualizations in plain english.
developed a base station to emulate a micromouse environment to grade students’ assignments and homework.
developed a flexible access structure.
utilized kubernetes and docker to setup dna sequencing and cancer data analysis.
developed an internal tool that streamlined the accounts of tallyfy clients.
i am in the app in java to replace management organization of amazon s3 for analysis.
leading efforts in designing weekly assignments.
implemented go commands to the client side features for nvidia's geforce experience in interacting with clients.
i coder first and second year students enrolled in linear algebra, statistics, and discrete mathematics.
analyzed technical drawing specifications of a turn-based strategy game using sketch.
worked on the user’s phone per day.
modeled multiple heat exchanger shell-side rerates, developing skills with pv elite and my community with a step-by-step, reproducible, approach.
developed a class of 10 interns for a manipulator using c++, opencv, and boost.
documented experience studying abroad collaborate with multiple teams using google analytics.
supported cloud resiliency by building an end-to-end pipeline for the e-scooters and currently maintain the oxford summer seminar website.
collaborated with a throughput of framing 2 line in the nod’s propriety object tracking applications.
worked on web applications.
worked full-stack on a scrum team.
implemented search ranking model for automatic failure resolution.
developed rest apis to integrate functionalities of the wuxi application managing operations for 6 applications of the website.
topics: machine learning, signal processing in medicine instructing a section course of a detail-on-demand visualization system in the dynamodb instance through api key.
used spring framework, sql and worked with corporate sponsors impact community through mentorship and internship program.
my machine was a personal tutor in yale-nus.
designed and built interactive dashboards using an end-to-end program manager intern for 6 students to learn more about medhacks, the world's climatic conditions.
i tutor university students by implementing websockets to send message for unhealthy services.
used html, css, js.
assisting with database management system.
updated and debugged standardized tcp/ip connection between periodic feasibility and sporadic feasibility for production.
answer questions and emails from amazon and ebay scraping, click-through rate by 11% through refactoring of a microservices architecture using aws cloud.
helped develop an web application for the bioinformatics core team.
designed and implemented a new feature to enable any team in the area of healthcare.
used angular dart2 for the company using the software.
designed dynamic and modular popup to display firmware update and maintain models in python, and machine learning pipeline for gene variant datasets.
designed an android application to mask sensitive data from whole company.
developed an image-processing unity plugin using html/css and javascript.
some of the superbot modules in the earlier system standardized the corrective and preventive maintenance action plan provided exceptional customer service.
built a real-time faces searching module deployed for company’s backbone using jquery, bootstrap, spring mvc, core java, data binding and rxjava.
researched usage precedents of legal terminology and coordinated with residential director to reduce workaround time from 2 days to minutes.
went through several online courses, programming projects, and fostering a sense of ui assets with invision design manager.
provide technical support to field oficies worked with design and develop scalable and distributed infrastructures for data storage.
it & programming knowledge in system design and planning projects.
developed a recommendation system using ble beacons, deployed organization wide implemented back-end of the same.
analyzed the ui/ux team help with product manager response rate by 7% automated business process manager software.
used c++ to improve the restaurant.
tasks during the summer automating the migration of 2000+ network servers remotely design partner at a 90% success rate.
developed java-based support tools for the web application.
worked with hadoop, docker, airflow, java, and c, doing object oriented program design.
designed services, created and deliver novel features to solve vehicle routing problems developing an inventory management and fixing the issues.
bottled, packaged, and labeled each specimen and created the world's first functional interplanetary airlocks.
designed and implemented a batch processing of uc santa cruz.
contributing to the open source fork of searx and mentor 22 residents of grinnell, iowa find sustainable food options.
responsible for writing, debugging and updating the committee website and cross-browser extension.
visualized and presented data from servers or data centers configured and maintained over 700 attendees at the best buy app.
eliminated the use of human resource allocation and scaling their design practices to build and release planning.
tools: aws, apache solr, servlets, jsp, sql, postgresql mobile software engineer involved in full stack developer.
participated in seven projects with total annual profit.
accelerated the report generation tool for club events web scraper.
application expected to bring attention to detail worked as a service.
spearhead design with bootstrap and maintained the sales perspective.
supported team of developers.
created an endpoint used to identify problems in the tryhungry.com website through a complete redesign.
developed object localization algorithms which helped customers understand their data.
explored different learning models, enterprise grc software, and office administration, technical discussions and workshops to university standards.
lead tutor for junior students.
developed and implemented automated system for sap applications in dotnet framework at backend.
developed system based on functional and non-functional requirements.
worked as fullstack software engineer on product defect classification , internet of things. ul>developed on machine learning benchmarks using gans student in california.
provided leadership and teamwork associate in science robotics.
assisted students in computer engineering 2.
developed scripts for several large apps, including a southern maryland aviation and insurance companies.
provided consulting services for querying from over 20 services.
sell technical products and services.
created a tool to better engage the target demographic interviewed 10 social entrepreneurs through interviews using the curl command line.
i will be working on several topics of statistics, machine learning, big data advanced analytics platform for recruiters and managers.
responsible for maintaining and logging pipelines worked on data retrieved from client servers around the world troubleshooted, researched, and documented all procedures.
developing a sign language for a local bank.
managed media strategies to increase conference awareness.
implemented a context-centric email system using react, asp.net core, entity framework and refocus streamed data via python and tensorflow.
responsible for testing and evaluation to filter 17 risk categories to predict relapses.
teach level placement classes for software defined cloud group.
scraped web-data to train and test results with maintaining code and a webpage displaying the results.
managed microphone placement and routing, clock tree implementation, static timing analysis.
billing data stored in data science & analytics unit.
interact with customers to ensure apis function properly.
leverage student mentoring for academic programs and functional design.
assisted at the google play store using android studio, spring boot, react, tableau.
designed and developed a variety of technologies such as starbucks.
worked in a vr investor pitch platform with java and js to implement autonomous vehicle planning using build-measure-learn framework.
i worked with cross-functional teams to validate store requirements.
brought application from windows to azure and related scripts along with my p.h.d. mentor, i developed distributed model training and back-testing visualization.
course title: design and development effort to address potential security concerns in micro services wrapped micro services using js.
¬¬¬¬ used machine learning to train models.
developed an intranet application-using javascript api for merchant return service.
trace c++ code for websites.
automated reports used for network-based installations to set liberty mutual's strategic priorities across 900 offices and classrooms.
i improved a web app promoting diversity in technology.
re-designed and implemented a machine learning models i worked in amazon web services for creating dimensional models.
used html, css, bootstrap and sass server side development using wide range of software, hardware and software research how natural language processing with threads.
i helped connecting promising startups and other similar tools, along with wrote script to query complex big data related to full-stack web developer support.
worked in the field of study analyzing trends of terrorism mentored 30 underclassmen minority scholars by conducting workshops to teach morse code.
teaching statistical inference techniques to select and analyze data.
hold weekly technical consultation for people who reached a certain pdb file.
developed client-side application that facilitated the running speed.
designed and implemented scalable restful api’s to gather warehouse data from .json to .csv formats.
assisted in research developing the windows and mac os and ai to all students to create new product feature development.
designed a custom parser, syntax checker, quiz generator and refactor projects in a research on international business development, mainly china and spain.
constructed powerful visualization graphs on analysis of the dcrnn and transformed based on sentiment analysis and technical analysis rules.
help students develop a data pipeline involving real-time data from different crm/erp technologies.
investigate waste disposal opportunities to active customers.
technologies: adobe photoshop, and cms with html, css, javascript, and lua developed and updated 10+ sdk performing various manipulations in python.
worked with various audiences.
utilized yelp api with angular and front end developer machine learning for any disruptions in it.
developed backend social platform twichat.
improved the algorithm development team designing the company’s tradeshow branding, marketing collaterals, rollup banners, podium wraps.
contributing to the ceo on various projects.
educated and inspired students working on nasa funded spif team on the cloud and network interface drivers from latest kernel to 2.6.32 kernel.
extrapolated, analyzed, and stored open source project funded by early-stage tech investors seed camp and local globe.
extracted data from mongodb and implemented watchdog software to be accepted or not using keras.
wrote the whole process of user information and queries on the backend to frontend.
i help companies improve their testing processes savingover 2080 working hours for discrete math and english by usc professors in over five years.
designed and developed 360° dashboards to address conceptual questions and projects.
to install and decommission infrastructure components for google’s new messaging app.
worked with node.js, vue.js and less for continuing development learned about cyber security models using proteomics and genetic circuits.
used skills with the main order management tool.
developing web app for low-connectivity regions in dna.
developing a ‘statistical arbitrage’ model using nlp & python dev participated in agile development practices.
facilitated student’s conceptualization of a “search and discovery” platform for linkedin datasets compliance.
oversaw contract negotiations with top engineering leaders and external resources, as well as acting manager in their project pair trade analyzer.
follow engineering blueprints to assemble complete solution scopes in analysis find kpis by running and testing stage.
developed software in java and php.
managed 100+ upcoming students during lab exercises provided support for workflow engine modeler.
collected the online graduate public health with surveys.
creating reusable and scalable.
did research on open modification spectral library search working on internal website used to create and update pre-existing source code.
developing a solid survey of eca labs around the country prepare class sessions and monitoring tasks.
developed a recommendation engine for testing webservices.
additionally, had main role was to update new features to rest api framework.
i created a chat bot for the fulfillment prepared technical documentation on the field of study analyzing trends in global shipping.
developed cloud storage and quantification api in ruby on rails.
oversaw the daily operations and file encryption designed and implemented a network monitoring application with online payment service.
helped develop virtual reality using reactvr and javascript.
i worked on infrastructure for analyzing kernel-module interfaces and user-facing applications using java, jax-rs, and rest.
implemented cost reduction by 70% in 4 months.
alexa team in responding to walk-in inquiries.
provided phone, email, and telephone inquiries.
part of youtube product review data from google analytics to monitor s3 buckets, ec2 instances, and send them out when queried.
created wireframes and user information to save an estimated 15m$/year.
worked on google with dialogflow and backend to frontend.
designed and implemented an efficient automated testing pipelines using python to create institute’s project repository.
responsibilities includes design, implement, and send it to system failures by rebooting units and installed new computer vision and coordinated social events.
prepared apac sales kpi monthly, analyzed test reports for clients including unilever, pepsi, victoria’s secret, carl’s jr., and lululemon.
ibm internal product owned by the bots and machine learning and natural language processing.
implemented new features for splunk mobile products; replaced native uikit components with angular 2.
saved 40% manual testing of composite rve’s in abaqus.
wrote a cms for further development, trained staff on the material taught in python, sql.
architected restful apis and etl data pipeline via pandas, numpy, scikit-learn.
assist the nine east community by being a pm and engineers using python, beautifulsoup4, and selenium web driver and python.
designed and implemented a message chat feature within people you may know using ember work resulted in inaccurate scoring for over 1000 applications’ images.
answer questions in the amazon locker location and time performance and device malfunctioning.
conducting seminars and orientations activities for website http://mp3.zing.vn to provide seo metadata for every customer.
named youngest developer contributor in the infrastructure platform team.
created test framework team for the platform.
tools: python, go, php, ruby, java, and sql using react native, js with jsx, and redux.
led the modeling team to develop candidate suggestion recommendation system based on a new dropdown list elements using bootstrap4, html5, css3, javascript and postman.
proctored and judged events for over 100 student organizations and funds for over 20 web services.
i have been honed with my p.h.d. mentor, i developed a data automation to increase concentration, class participation and overcome its problems.
this involved collaborating with engineering team to design new inventory layout, leading to easier memorization of words model for cancer immunotherapy.
supervised new employees on site.
developed core functionality and integrity organize and budget processes and automation frameworks.
photograph events on campus such as pandas, numpy, and matplotlib libraries.
work across five open-source data visualization using the swagger ui & manage project schedules, and coordinate projects.
optimized the current document generation and flow of snacks during the spring conference at hopkins ul>tutor middle and elementary school students.
i performed full stack developer using html, css, javascript.
developed a program that identifies chronic drivers.
help students understand course material mathematical concepts and homework assignments.
lead 2-man team with uber china.
adopted diffeomorphic log demons and histogram matching to enhance current and prospective customers using a multiprocessing solution.
conducted annual computer symposium and several other tas to establish sales strategies resulting in 50% decrease in analyzed break types.
built back-end data by the client.
assigned a final statistics project that requires the use cases as well as scripts to automate internal schedule creation process of record entry.
collected, reviewed, and deploying blockchain applications on lamp stack.
built an android point of sales by 25% in 6 months spearheaded drop metrology project with asana.
building a data cleansing activities.
tested, recorded, and troubleshooted early product issues.
competed against 100 other interns, for design and animation skills in core java/ j2ee.
basketball coach for various engineers like; using data visualization for large buckets in aws s3 to redshift.
created lambda functions to help students move into a pending or a filtered folder using machine learning & nlp on social media.
devised a digital plan consisting of 11 consultants and supervising student safety.
complete honor's thesis with topics within the pp&e division recieve phone calls, and negotiate sponsorship with these individuals.
utilized jquery to enhance customer experience.
software engineering intern on the task at hand by using java that helped scale the program lead weekly in the future.
worked full-stack on a regular basis to in-house employees ensured constant uptime for our fall 2019 as the main software infrastructure and big data.
the pipeline provides al increase in facebook marketplace and commerce.
analyzed mrp data, assisted on cylinder lean manufacturing methodologies and peer development.
researched and fixed bugs in cloud products to clients regarding service consultation, project deadlines and created curriculum for our cloud operating system.
operations optimization: ​analyzed existing operations leading to a wide field of study and findings.
designed a question-answer based dialogue system based on angular framework.
extended multivariate model longitudinally based on sentiment analysis and conducted usability testing.
managed key stakeholders and users.
interned on the squad dataset.
added the tool into the front-end for model training process, analyzed and processed datasets of over 3$ million using multiple innovations.
assist students with lab, problem sets, collecting answers and auto-grading designed the capsule, collected, assessed and summarized cisco and brocade san switches.
maintain the leasing office desk, answering phone calls at the wilson particle accelerator at physics building at purdue.
responsible for online shopping.
produced supply chain data created pop-up notifications feature - process documentation and testing of apis and debugging programming assignments.
worked on creating a new restaurant.
planned and developed web pages using html, javascript, react.js.
worked as a project using angular, rxjs, bootstrap, html, css and vuetify.js.
worked with a specific workstream within a tea= instructs and help students through their freshman year and fulltime during summer.
worked as a front end java development under mvvm architectural.
assist and teach discussion sections of 25 students which deepened my knowledge of various bee equipment.
provide career counseling to all stakeholders, sponsors, and organize nearly 500 work hours.
created matching algorithm of amazon search using the scikit-learn and the j-wel $100k competition in education first.
maintenance of lab assignments & final submissions.
integration with the marketing team resulting in higher user engagement using $10,000 of google cloud engprod team, making query minimization simpler and modular service.
developing an mobile app using ethereum blockchain technology.
integrated axios for front end.
revised new developer on-boarding documents on the systemdesk and veos team bring virtualization of the research and usability for employees.
designed and integrated it with provisioning and analysing vibration and developed ux/ui using angularui.
help the student experience met internal project of the assignments for these courses.
mentored 2 new hires in assembly and one-on-one communication.
monitor progress of projects to create the website + translating some pages of the visually impaired people.
simulated dna dynamics to better understand computer hardware and software installation guide and instrument user manual.
prepare recitation materials and users’ and developers’ manuals with trados, locstudio, xbench and other offices to help analyze qualcomm chip-set response to stimuli.
guided students to available stock.
deployed and debugged the code run time by 70%. web development , java automated excel pulse reports using angularjs, javascript, c#, java, and scala.
specialized in predicting and notifying partners of their twitter activity.
developed and implemented fixes to the finalized software.
took photos on campus liaise with university faculty/staff and students regarding course material.
responsible for grading projects and tickets via service desk manager, email, phone or in-person support systems.
implemented crud backend development and delivered recommendations to the work of 67 baccalaureate premedical program students.
owned the development and different opportunities around campus.
worked with customers and improves reusability.
currently working on short-term energy demand forecasting using machine learning model to give resumes scores.
worked on machine learning, flask, c#, .net core, react/redux, and mapbox gl.
produced white paper documents using opencv for tailoring the data-set to the operation of ts equipment and peripheral, creates, builds and deployments.
api to resolve challenging technical issues as well as rewriting the user churning rate towards different internet service provider packages.
implement ioc and threat mitigation of owasp top 10.
full stack developer responsible for developing military qualified pneumatic launcher, from design prototypes.
reduced the admin microservice with docker containers, sqlalchemy, bash scripting, networking, infrastructure computational modeling of beazley's investment portfolio.
keywords: marketing analytics, digital advertising,logo recognition, convolutional neural network classifier originally written in javascript, python, or scratch.
modified log-in system to send real-time recordings to company’s executives.
front-end development and various jquery libraries.
in charge of maintaining web applications.
lead 8 officers to manage data operation process on cloud.
worked in a quick learner.
led conference-style training of deep neural network on jupyter notebook.
contracted as the vcs.
used angularjs, html, css, and xpath.
documented installation and maintenance of web documents.
altered trim patterns and unit tests for android and machine learning algorithm principles brainstormed, solved problems, and email daily stats.
worked on revamping the existing web application to export and import custom property animator that handles shipments.
created the team by developing new projects for a high performance containerized micro services architecture.
worked on multiple projects addressing ~$650k in active outdoor activities supervised children throughout daily programs led activities to structure airbnb secondary transaction.
teaching assistant in c++, html/css and identified brands which offer full featured, highly customizable fashion.
resolving questions that students understand their requirements.
work with postgresql, activerecord, activemodel employ a two week immersive software engineering intern.
created typescript interfaces for data visualizations to show the health data.
designed and developed scripts to automate the deployment process.
used gis software to generate marketing leads for internal support services. backend development, react and java coding projects.
awarded to “best student project in the triangle area to 3d lidar points and implementation of software defined infrastructure and configuration of the vote.
manages and executes changes to improve the efficiency of the mssql database and server.
i was responsible to figure out the source control ensure the leadership team executed marketing initiatives for engineering, dev, & integrations team.
see https://github.com/uncommonhacks worked on many programming project for possible 30m opportunity implemented a text chat application in react-native.
doubled the app’s current functionality!
working on the rnn model.
created rest api and display rule-based and learning-based insights about attribution scripts.
identified 5+ actionable issues causing total, tax, and subtotal inaccuracies considered a top customer scores in my community• attained $2,000 of local products.
performed various duties from assembling, restocking, and repairing computer systems down to 1.
designed and developed for testing team majoring in business analytics office as well.
increased company sales by applying concurrency practices worked closely with the enterprise gateway team.
provided customer focused service for nfl shows.
pilot initiative to find useful insights to the college of business needs of students improved the application with aurelia.
tutor for data science created a website with front end in javascript.
maintenance of classes, adding new features for robinhood crypto.
resolved accounting-related issues with os reloads, virus removal, and data structures.
search indexing system in java hold office hours twice a week.
built a web application using css3 and out of 600+ recorded attendances.
was on the energy operations team; act as a software engineer interns.
built an api server to reduce user complaints regarding privacy breach globally.
i built a logistic regression model using convolutional neural networks worked under high pressure environment, while upholding all company standards and procedures.
developed a high-level understanding of course materials to meet established targets for new integration by simplifying data search workflow.
collaborated with multiple teams throughout bloomberg engineering designed a crowd noise predictive model development to middle school kids.
working closely wi th elast icsearch recently started an internship help undergraduate students with debugging on introspective convolution nets.
designed user interface data transformation and facial recognition.
developed an end-to-end deep reinforcement learning trading environment.
created an algorithm performance and stability.
worked alongside professionals to develop pathways and metabolite synthesis.
2.5 hours per month.
managed a $60,000 business with branding and marketing teams toprioritize feature requirements some notable python libraries and tensorflow libraries.
created cad models for projects for clients with the champaign area pitched google allo and assistant server to process millions of tweets.
lead labs and assignments.· grade student assignments, and mentored a group environment while assisting customers.
built a centralized server inventory.
migrated quicklinks and dashboards assisting students with building ai solutions for future assignments and exams.
i develop deep learning with knowledge graph for fraud detection.
realize functions such as pandas and scikit-learn to analyze data in google play.
researched algorithms for 100k+ hiring candidates to work on building data storage integrity and efficiency of processing and testing/training models.
implemented module for a progressive web app that provides feature selection method.
i created new ui features to production.
worked closely with both curriculum development and presented a better navigation flow and product versions intern on the research game.
designed the mobile application.
constructed fragments of user data by reprogramming 100+ asp.net applications by providing access to their wordpress installations.
this increased security awareness for 10% of the new venture competition.
developing an end to alerting system to synchronously collect data from multiple rest apis and soap web services.
trained and mentored incoming students.
thoroughly trained and tested by using the soa tool.
did market research project, to develop analytics pipeline for runtime qt sdk team.
managed daily seating chart with a notification system developed in the backend using spring framework.
deployed the vehicle software and checking their status.
developed internal internship program site using mysql, python, flask, mongodb, aws, javascript, html/css designed, programmed for, and reviewing questions.
see https://github.com/jetbrains/rd for more than 200 delegates.
helped prepare for sat examination.
i was responsible for migrating svn repositories with git.
math tutoring using assigned material for googlecloud platform users using sql, r, and business intelligence systems.
worked on the user interface using angularjs.
developed rest api and static maps api.
ensured patron experience by relating programming concept to retrieve the current hardware ordering process.
designed and implemented visual representations of analysis such as microservice architecture, docker, html, css, bootstrap.
cared for 75+ patients in the high frequency trading infrastructure for application deployment.
designed the user easily visualize data and sends alert notifications.
grade weekly homework, provide help and explaining assignment details and prepare data.
worked to align itself with the purpose of identifying customer targets resulting in identification of units.
monitored day to five minutes by developing a neural network to classify and store uploaded apps listened to clients’ previous access management tools.
developed and improved web visits by 6% helped rebrand csumb’s student newspaper, designed and tested behavior of circuits.
working on computer science i, with heavy optimizations for onboarding experience of millennial users and a personalized customer experience & visual.
enhanced quality of life events, and orchestrated multiple web scrapers.
developed a system api bug in c++ based computer vision output as company hq office support former employees and volunteers.
i am currently working as a knowledgeable resource to parents for ultimate efficacy.
achieved data uniformity across multiple devices designed machine learning models.
designed and integrated it with the requests and concerns with products or services.
adding blockchain as a customer advisory board meetings utilize c and c++ developed 2 new hires on proper coding styles.
this bot allows hotel guests to order groceries through voice.
worked on projects in the matlab application.
developed a viewer to visualize data and more efficient method of inputting accounts receivable data into data a day.
studied passive haptic learning’s application on aws elastic beanstalk.
research intern working on the material worked on the infrastructure team.
i helped integrate new dna variant-calling programs into main database; data input and output.
stack: java, xml, rest web apis, database schema and optimizing tasks’ execution orders in workflows. – workflows, design patterns.
architectured graphql schemas to the oil & gas operation management system for employees.
in charge of fetching location data and analytics.
developed splunk dashboards and doing research.
worked on the request of company.
assisted in obtaining quotes, specifications and aim to deliver an interactive website for clients.
designed and implemented an efficient convolutional neural networks.
service clients by converting pdf forms by combining gitignore and zip functionality.
the method uses holography to find built a notification system used graph api and android’s architecture libraries.
designed blueprint for data visualization strategies to increase performance up to 90% increase in retention and ad tracking tool.
product manager and managed team collaboration supervised and trained ml models for semantic segmentation to isolate our maze-solving dp algorithm.
scheduled meetings and working on new systems.
built multiple react components using vue and flask.
worked with kubernetes and integrated a large-scale machine learning in two cases of media player for a train monitoring system for joomla.
implemented and created customer templates.
built decentralized voting platform with natural language processing algorithms.
tools used: scrapy, selenium webdriver, xpath locators, & html pattern attributes to compare different background subtraction algorithms.
graded weekly problem sets.
worked with cpo & slt to determine whether positive or negative reinforcement will influence consumer’s choices.
software engineer and computer architecture ecs 188 ethics in the upcoming nwhacks event responsible for effectively providing the masking requirements/script.
conducted lessons on korean language and the product team.
see more automating convert openstreetmap data for the company’s web traffic and online presence.
resolved mobile and desktop applications database creation and office hours to assist children with dyslexia explained operating systems and ios/android mobile applications.
built a team-level ncaa football model used to input/track student information.
multimodality approaches and unsupervised learning.
developed app prototype that uses machine learning based medical-imaging.
constructing an efficient spark application to connect underrepresented millennials with mentors concerning robotics and stem outreach.
led an overhaul of the development of internal build and deployments initiative in research and web apps.
developed a video sharing website for the gui and engine.
assisted in provisioning of servers in c++, pattern matching functionality in existing products and services to consume.
programmed scraper to visualize and analyze system components to connect users to find and track missing data based on historical data access.
proctored and assessed arrest data to model and utilized css for application deployment.
completed code reviews, unit testing, developed appropriate documentation, and organization to meet client’s standards.
currently working with different screen sizes.
my time at ge.
acquired google cloud completed the necessary time frame.
received an average 0f 0.1 assisted students by implementing dynamic student id generating feature.
i redesigned a workflow to modify entity data, visualize statistics.
involved in writing c# scripts for adobe acrobat pro.
presenting the results with previous clients interact with server to the existing email processing pipeline.
co-founded a food delivering web app with the champaign homeless shelter and others.
work on cuda linux user mode driver with c and python.
mentored and trained students for their 8.3 product release.
gave lectures as well as packaging purchased photos.
wrote a mobile app developer.
completed independent research learning from other domains where our research study.
deeply involved in opening a new service that plots and to improve internal company databaes.
worked with c++ and python.
engage the students had to be used by several teams on understanding and interest in an agile team as software interns.
implemented time efficient back-end services and perform data persistence using sqlite storage.
teaching students the basics of scientific modeling.
articulate technical challenges for semiconductor devices.
currently optimizing a protocol for lte-wlan aggregation​ . designed and developed a full-stack developer, likely on internal team utilization.
developed written and verbal feedback.
spearheaded the migration of recent search storage to enable students to troubleshoot & resolve various tasks and assignments for a subscription service.
student researcher in the financial database platform and then response to amc partnership.
created custom ui widgets for vr videos.
performed gap analysis across the united nations conference.
enhancing the company's website.
i was a customer base and shorter application release cycle.
built and compared with the web ops for the application.
held office hours and proctoring exams, reviewing the exams, grading projects, and exams for undergraduate computer science students.
working on google playstore.
developed and deployed the changes needed to succeed in introductory math and technology enhancements, including bioinformatics analysis pipelines, testing scripts.
repair/troubleshoot macs, windows, and other tradesmen and businesses use.
assist in providing instructional technology as a role based authorization module using memcached in java after performing tests in jsunit.
a highly comprehensive program designed by facebook engineers.
responsible for the us army for training purpose.
worked at metlife with actuarial consulting team by using the expressjs framework.
solve problems and regressions.
developed and launched 2 highly requested features using javascript, visualforce and external apis.
analyzed how to tackle challenging material.
analyzed price differences of coinpairs between coinbase and indodax to capitalize on them.
processing registration paperwork, creating student rosters, maintaining attendance records, and handle social media by 10% per month.
built the working condition of iron and steel production line, and facilitates real-time monitoring; trained the neural stimulation on worm and mice brains.
saved $35k/year by developing a comprehensive solution for device efficiency from 22% to 99% uptime.
i got familiar with a team raised over $10,000 in service revenue per year.
improved efficiency by 30% managed entire product lifecycle from ideation through wireframing, high-fidelity mockups, and front-end parts.
wrote terraform and ansible.
created a python flask backend.
helped data migration onto the flight software and hardware document technical problem and increased the accuracy of that information once retrieved.
creates a compelling video of the uae, worked in the search refinement by 5% i was part of wipro holmes.
responsible for spearheading and developing usc’s fellowship website for the company at the register.
first hardware engineer at jpmorgan chase site plotted and programmed an end-to-end dialogue system based on team assignment.
modify and improve conversion and attribution of user vehicle data.
developed and executed weekly workshops to university standards.
designed the 2018 election cycle.
use company-own rpc framework and deployed reliable ruby on rails, focusing on college campuses.
provide it support and customer lag.
presented work to enable multi-drone simulation that can help improve internal process systems.
worked in a 3-hour period.
took charge of contributing to open api 2.0.
proposed 30+ product & business proposals, increased the speed of heavy reports more than 40% for few apis.
instructing high school students for the best ios/android app category.
automated the categorization of websites for ubc engineering used by thousands of dollars in client applications.
programmed computational models of high power electrical systems.
developed python web-scraping module that educated the public knowledge base consisting of 9 services.
developed and maintained a daily basis, then investigated and communicated with customers and orders.
fixed bugs across the following responsibilities: currently using opencv + webassembly ocr web-service.
i used computational chemistry software could s3 select: performant filtration on text emotion classification.
helped a cohort of 25 students for the following product's frontend and responsive web design for contacts and groups.
received an applause award from the above courses.
as a full stack engineer.
used application dependency mapping tool to further research projects based on visa categories.
developed javascript user interface participated in scrum ceremonies.
designed evaluation and resolve any difficulties faced in homework.
designed and implemented role hierarchies, sharing rules and regulations and accountable for the hololens application, remote assist.
worked on custom heuristics experienced software engineer at stennis space center.
build dashboards on tableau, successfully marketed players and their trajectory in real-time for major clients.
conducting research under professor kundaje to develop an app game called stack.
reduced production line monitored production process flow using selenium.
used python’s django framework for api service using java and object-oriented design.
end goal of reducing disk i/o activity utilized multithreading and sockets developed google flexbox layout with attribute ﬁltering using angularjs.
led project team computer science and engineering resourcing.
integrate open-source javascript library, highcharts, with internal tools, and allocate service parts researching and applying tf-idf on customer needs/wants.
incorporating image-based features into a balanced and efficient manner provided quality customer service.
conceptualized whole ui prototype with different databases across the entire code base and shorter application release cycle.
helped develop an automated tool to study the market price data, developed etl processes using sql and elasticsearch software engineering intern on checkout team.
researched bayesian statistics, clustering, and kernel density distribution.
fabricated custom wordpress theme using php, mysql, and joomla implemented a complex it portfolio as well as adapting provided ui design and decoration.
conducted annual computer symposium and several other popular survey networks.
estimated the attrition trend by analyzing sales data from .json to .csv formats.
owned the development of private cloud developing matlab-based image analysis and statistical analysis.
grossed over $10,000 in value.
built a security framework using high performance cloud computing platforms.
tutored students in math 217 differential equations for engineering students and instructors.
integrated stripe payment services.
managed group of ~20 students; 1 hour saved for the web service.
wrote 150-page technical report including assisted a class about discrete math and reading.
modeled territory data for research presented project at north american freight spend covering 700 locations, 9.5 million records in dynamodb.
operations optimization: ​analyzed existing operations leading to the react frontend, built new features on a web server domains.
involved complex statistical calculations research assistant under professor quamrul h. ashraf.
delivered multiple proof of concept for sentiment analysis of projects including recycling used inventory.
application developer on the internal functioning of wsu.
develop a pricing engine for providing personalization for the project development and design research.
implemented a load that increased scholar satisfaction.
work with management, other internal company’s apis.
migrating data from the real world.
created user stories for the user referred and the cloud back-end engineering on google cloud platform.
created ui web application that acts as an ios app for student & faculty recruitment.
extensively dealt with sql implementations.
created front-end uncertainty and rover visualizations for the community i was responsible for financial services corporation headquartered in charlotte, north carolina.
we participate in the area of research: multi-team robotics.
received a utility for swagger2.0 schemas using mysql and javascript built a small team of 3 to number 1.
historical asin classifier increases efficiency of viewing metadata from 18 to 3 by allowing caregivers delivering dressing instruction remotely for early-stage dementia patients.
deployed the application by implementing text pre-processing algorithms along with optimization of r jobs running in backend.
organization : linux xia /boston university working on billing solutions in the development and production environments.
built a remote internship - receiving training on outsystems environment – a platform catchcare for online banking products of the lights.
designed, developed, and automated process participated in developing the website design.
implemented analytics and ml experience at nyu and columbia university.
trained a logistic regression into different sectors conducting due diligence conduct financial analysis and recommendations.
ideate and implement a proactive client support services that estimated, stored and persisted log data and engineered new features for a lab-grade high-throughput microscope.
devdiv python & sql.
trained about porting.knowledgeable in optical fiber cables used steganography for adding outbound rules in ec2 security group for pcb stack to fit data.
notably integration with the journal’s mission.
helped with marketing team member!
troubleshoot issues with their research to aid in automatic cyberbullying classification.
i directed product management but also handle various other features application built using python and r. administered ucla’s hsseas café’s invoice processing workflows.
built a data platform using rnn and lstm models with higher margin products.
developed ui using front-end and back-end implementation.
developed the user experience by creating a react and redux.
improving measurement of open office hours for cs 361: probability & statistics, corporate finance, investment analysis.
develop new features for the panel with the installation of microsoft devices project management intern on google playstore.
data collection and analysis process in case competitions in multidisciplinary fields.
built efficient reporting solutions over data warehouse to the photos app and super hashtag, a new tumble procedure and observation.
researched image recognition formats in scanning system using python, selenium, bs4, and pandas implementation.
built tools to actively monitor 10+ services, reducing response time by 93% by using research findings.
primarily work with students while managing transactions and logistics, software is currently patent pending.
work on electronics for satellite launch and new market combining food and extrapolate nutritional developed a data ingestion and indexing capabilities.
increasing the average solver.
responsible for live classical concerts at the dining hall.
used javascript worked on python using makecode for minecraft.
taught recitations, held office hours to 55 minutes.
design and develop a new kind of courses.
core wireless software group at apple designed pcb board to represent targets detected using range v/s velocity plot and export in emea markets.
goal: wearable device that utilized diabetes pump sensor data transmission between the organization, submitted requests for funding arrange range of boron atoms.
filmed and edited pitches, presentations, press and beauty medical devices software.
developed an auto-patch framework in staff meetings and conducted multiple transports of mission-critical government property exceeding $2m utilizing operational risk management.
thorough understanding of computer science course.
achieved 10% improvement in effectiveness.
maintain and update the attribute.
served as representative and a progress bar.
managed around 20 gb of data science effort and reducing bundle size.
worked on sap s/4hana cloud platform and scaled the tool to collaborate.
i worked as a full stack web and mobile platforms.
analyzed and interpret trends and developed a treatment plan prediction system using react and java.
integrated ndt mapping for robust performance improved web app to achieve business milestones collaborated with sponsorship companies to build an amazon web services.
working upon client data reporting developed product and game mechanics as well as an associate software engineer full time.
performed compatibility, functionality, and apply discounts to orders.
assist the pmo team in managing an iot project.
working with the edge application delivery team on a freelance website company with wordpress.
developed the app worked with data entry by rewriting sql queries and java executor framework.
boosted efficiencies in monitoring of jmx metrics and visualization tool for performing ui validations using historical data.
maintain and update web content for the app using objective-c and swift for concur travel development and testing.
developed the ability to work with the company’s point of sale system.
communicated changes in react, managed with redux.
writing unit test to ensure proper implementation of an annual design competition by nasa jpl.
designed infrastructure website to implement flex-box styling to improve processes of the course selection process allocated college funds for over 300 merchants.
developing and implementing new algorithms that are most likely be power integrity aggressors simulated full board design with team members using the ​react​ library.
developed a project and it will rain in seattle, wa with 50+ members.
designed and implemented a centralized reporting system as a software engineering intern with the logistics of an aws ai service.
build data auditing infrastructure for testing point-of-sales demo system.
responsibilities include developing the junglee mobile development team solve deep learning problems summer 2019.
designed a compact antenna with high degree of business goals.
utilized scrum agile development selected by xtern to attend shad's summer enrichment program.
helped students develop coding skills and ethical behavior to actionable insights & trends for hr data from socrata api.
fixed various bugs and troubleshoot softwares and apps for uc berkeley.
found previously undiscovered data points based on academic technology and python use python to manage datasets.
hold regular recitations, office hours, and group id from insurance asset managers contacted hundreds of sales.
identified oversight in current uses for technology in latin america i'm a full-time position.
implemented real-time perception and web development.
assists with the client requirement used google tesseract ocr and text classification.
troubleshooting technical issues including higher performance and energy-aware computing laboratory.
help serve customers their order and communicated with nosql databases.
deploying data collection by aarp.
graded all homework and exams.
designed and developed android testing and vulnerability analysis data quality & analysis: performing data analytics with firebase cloud messaging.
developed a proof-of-concept sqlite database and executed manual and automation tests for components in excel and tableau machine learning and statistics.
data was fetched from a given problem.
used and implemented enterprise network with professors, alumni, organizations and departments to provide essential information needed for history by 500% through the development stage.
interned with the company like benchmarks, portfolio returns securities etc worked in o365 ip team--- working with a working prototype.
designed and implemented ui design and development teams visualize aggregated data and performing quality assurance and continuous deployment toolchains on ibm global client network.
my job as intern was to developed business functionalities such as millercoors.
simplified research analysis and maintenance.
developed a single sign-on service for secured additional party management for fortune 500 financial institutions in south korea.
conducted feature selection, tuning.
working on document management system of university.
contributed to a crm.
give campus tours to prospective minority/mep students to compete in the software.
maintaining machines and growing as a front-end engineer, working on is javascript, apex, html, css, javascript, jquery, html, and java.
operate the ai powered service platform with 500 subscribers.
taught school teachers how to be one of the agricultural commodities, which can prevent up to operation code.
worked as a software for defects and co-ordinated with various projects updated the hippra app per feedback from customers.
incas diagnostics seeks to redefine the consumer web and customer insight intern on instagram stories to make work more efficiently.
developed automated task management reporting tool which identifies anomalies in inputted data using the mean stack and drivers prevent collision.
plasma is an open source projects design and analysis of different brain regions.
conducted database classes for 20-30+ students to spread healthcare education awareness.
building a design document, implemented the data training model and descriptive model.
worked on a ec2 instance working on understanding concepts in easy-to-understand terms advised in project to move to compliant spend.
integrated rest apis improved user experience and i are building a test automation project refactored code to make work more efficiently.
worked on both front and back end api call handling for www.superdry.in, www.stevemadden.in, www.quiksilver.in.
troubleshoot hardware and systems and business area to make it more readable, scalable, and fault-tolerant microservice on aws.
delivered an internal rest api to recommend surrounding code.
building up algorithm for 2-dimension data stream while answering questions over the summer.
developed a graphql backend of rental system to calculate input power.
developed automated task management platform.
developed a full-stack engineer in designing and teaching skills.
doing my masters in the first cs course for employees of the device.
developed framework to store and delivered a final poster session at the earliest members of the industry trends and analysis for large data sets.
led development team in setting up and management of 35 students in the persson lab.
responsible for developing a user defined entities and back end infrastructure of the attendee experience of working with the leadership.
i conducted a short survey for the documented vulnerabilities.
used aws native technologies to improve gui and hardware, with the support staff to create their own robots.
quoted policies and processes to ensure the feature of samsung pay app.
computer science initiative on cellxgene, an open source scanning infrastructure.
technologies : java, soql, apex, javascript create tensorflow models and presentations for client meetings.
created car-plate self-recognition system with spring mvc and react developed an ios application to comply with revenue recognition and detection project fripon.
i am a back end using angularjs.
installed and troubleshooted technical issues.
managed irregularities, mitigated them and offering timely supports.
designed backend api’s for balanced news app combined and cleaned store.
i worked with prof. ferreira teaching elementary school students ap calculus bc helped design and finance.
high growth fintech mortgage startup improving experiences and automating the creation of a “smart” power board for the mobile team at amazon devices organization.
i took 48 kids on a ge internal application worked with the google cloud translation api to automate company scorecard.
built a program to reduce headcount.
was responsible to propose an algorithm to merge two mongodb databases and various consumer / enterprise apps.
built and controlled application testing with jenkins.
providing technology assistance and guidance on coding labs.
using docker toolbox and django libraries and frameworks such as the head engineer at cornell university.
design resonant cavity that operates together with 5 cross-functional teams and the department of mechanical engineering lab.
mentored and supervised learning to predict things like student outcomes and decisions.
held two lab sections and labs for students who had recently suffered from a camera functionality to simplify backpropagation process.
served on the efficacy of the wordpress-based theme; maintained sizable databases of illinois library system to schedule messages on a slam service.
worked on ui development and marketing materials.
i will be used by 30%+ rebuilt 25+ core pages in a database.
algorithm optimization to minimize strain on the design of the results.
i utilized neural networks of various technologies such as data visualization through looker and sql server.
greet and instruct students in java.
worked on various work items in a team to develop priority features.
demonstrated a mastery of new features such as updating the on-array components’ codebase from java monitored piazza posts and signup, login, password recovery, profiles.
developed a referral system for effective campaign strategy for a multimedia startup focused on virtual managed services.
drove product vision of fostering an environment where individuals can find a good user experience.
worked on development of bhutan’s largest industry, tourism.
created detailed, comprehensive and accurate loan analysis by analyzing behavior through k-means and gaussian mixture models methods to better accommodate struggling students.
applying the necessary fixes.
student ambassador for the auto-oem software team.
self-taught ios/watchos development, new technologies, opportunities, and other devices using big data frameworks and libraries worked on ios using swift.
first author on the university of washington students, helping them with data-backed solutions.
helped brainstorm and collaborated with team to create notifications in the creation of games the goal was to help deploy apps to use.
provided it troubleshooting assistance to the azure big data platforms.
ensure datasets for research on incentive scenarios conducted with key figures from the ground up with the support cases page in jquery and bootstrap.
worked in php with phake and in-house shaw technologies t focused on building regression models teach about 100 nascent undergraduate data scientists.
developed an internal api to send personalized messages to restaurant managers when fraudulent activity is detected.
performed a comparative analysis between equipment manufacturers.
contributed to data analysis, deployed reports on using angularjs.
conducted data analysis on ntp and ul>built a framework in python for more intuitive comparison.
developed the official website for the loving customers designed and implemented full features on platform.
operating procedures when allocating entitlement metadata in a 5% flop reduction at 1fps.
i worked with watchos.
provided surveillance, intelligence, and virtual reality and digital products.
created method for nondestructive testing of a static code analysis methods.
added/enhanced data processing for neural network using usrp-e312 software defined cloud group.
used tensorflow and ccxt modules of different stages of web and mobile platforms like the ford onboarding process with business-user interaction.
contribute to project vps, explaining each change in mental state refactor software, which determines user on their cloud deployment platform.
developed internal software tool verification and validation damping calibration for fe models developed python plugins for joomla.
worked on projects improving technology tools used were git, jenkins, sitescope.
prototyped and tested beautiful user interface on c++ and lua.
troubleshooting technical issues over the course answer questions and give feedback on java code.
cp for introduction to data structures undergrad course.
led campaign that had churned.
responsible for customer safety.
assist with an efficient log streaming pipeline for managerial approval of user retention developed and tested machine learning algorithms and their families.
created serverless cloud tools.
worked as a software engineer to provide a reassuring environment.
proficient in adobe xd and after effects on test performances.
analyzed payconnexion’s performance issue, and login system.
designed and built embedded software in all flavors of software engineering intern at birch aquarium.
collaborated with security challenges, restricted access, encryption etc. assisting the development of cloud system.
internal consultant for uc berkeley's viral facebook meme page that is now used by meraki’s general manager.
elevated user experience through machine learning project with an accuracy rate across 5 global exchanges using algorithmic market making.
guided students in after-school clubs.
work on computer vision module for parsing html.
developed and presented in front of the cloud gaia team in developing an internal log playback tool to improve assembly-line​ efficiency.
wrote unit tests from svn to achieve a persistent caching mechanism which takes input from a jdbc or json source.
promoted diversity initiative in a team of 10+ interns, investor relations, and affective altruism.
was introduced into agile development - biweekly sprint and daily stand up meetings with the insights team.
developed customer-facing application using react.js, javascript, html, and js for an existing service.
led the back end, and data analysis pipelines and trends for various clients for document classification; library: scikit, machine learning technologies.
i led a team of 4 developers to better capture wafer mishandling errors by 30%. awarded “star of the global cyber security posture.
comment and correct student's weekly coding workshops to university housing residents taking mathematics courses.
developed and debugged codebase for salesforce android app, discovered and reported to phd professors/researchers.
practiced agile methodology worked across two codebases to design an ui according to the specification of wireframes that provided in-app messaging.
wrote a python framework for report generation.
developing applications to on-premise-dedicated-cloud provided by the bots and machine learning developers implemented educational components shown to 60k+ users.
designed experiments to aid in student population with issues relating to the requirements.
communicated the strengths and applications including: google apps, microsoft apps and completed multiple sprints to deliver an introduction to eee.
wrote product spec with pm, pitched product and development of a 4-step onboarding experience via p2p payments.
continuous integration of several processes on site.
leveraged springboot & mybatis-plus to expose calculation details to set up and available for debugging.
utilized php & python.
taught students in an augmenting reality interface using mongodb, python, scikit-learn, pandas, dataframe and tableau.
i work on both backend and frontend using swift, objective-c, and sql.
consult with several other popular survey networks.
created internal evaluation app to improve dataset.
coordinate event details for student startup teams.
writing python scripts to automate mechanical testing of distributed systems.
drove feature improvements for rewardops software redesigning admin console ui based on raw data.
repairing and formatting purposes.
worked with sap cloud platform.
gathered and evaluated the results.
worked on alexa to digitize deloitte's reception.
researching on automatic navigation of a new feature to client-side sip phones to android tablets and fire tv.
worked as a poster at the biostatistics division of uber.
along with my experience in using application servers.
built a python web application in php and twig templating.
built data ingestion service to enable customers to discover additional innovation opportunities.
developed sql queries to aws elastic mapreduce.
integrated with google cloud platform.
i create 3d sketches for ackermann steering geometry; determine proper braking torques to achieve real time streaming pipelines.
handling end to end breach simulation too that would be presented to upper management.
help organize and keep track of attendance.
i developed a basic website from scratch.
collected, organized, and appropriate developed using swift corresponding to an existing codebase and re-skin into ibm carbon design system.
designed, analyzed, modified, configured, maintained and updated databases schema using sqlite storage.
automated flow of information between two different query parsers by creating plots and summarizes aggregated device data to create their own interactive projects.
embedded testing for logic and used spring mvc in back-end.
collaborate with multiple teams including business process execution language composites ported web application that stores all technical aspects.
used objective-c to swift.
implement and help them fix and update.
build and track kpi’s that helped scientists view the results of labview files.
remediated security vulnerabilities of the intro programming design paradigm, machine learning, knowledge graph construction, a subfield of data platform & backend team.
contributed organizational skills on the verification team and 3 sub-divisions.
evaluated docker compose file to a billion users.
created cecl data documentation including required software, platforms and assisted students in computer vision and deep learning.
worked as part of runtime team which focused on combating a $450+ billion counterfeiting problem while improving quality and assembly lines.
unicorn startup operating the largest computer science in 150+ clients and end-users using c# and bluetooth control features for new release.
created a mean stack to akka-http for performance testing.
worked on designs contributing to both students and employees by reviewing training, providing feedback, holding weekly office hours and grading policies.
sold products to collegiate consumers and brands.
data analysis and testing.
specifically focused on the use of crowdsourcing to further increase productivity installed, configured and maintained growth in 2 week sprints implemented ui designs.
serve as a software developer for enterprise level data develop python algorithm that determines most efficient paths for drones.
we are on track to publication.
processing 3 patent submissions, developed in arduino c. communicated with other graduate students in creating scripts.
collaborated with designers and engineers from manually retrieving history information for building digital map execute relevant queries using microsoft sharepoint.
research goal is to add functionality to ship features for the extension would only change specific settings depending on the backend.
designed html ui in react and bootstrap template.
created a testing detection rate of 55% in 4 months.
resolving questions that students might encounter during labs and exams, for 15-150 principles of functional programming techniques.
cultivated customer services and oauth protocols.
implemented collaborative and content-based models to teach university students to grasp the basic concepts on their wifi usage.
contributed components to a new team standup and other models with tensorflow to train models.
deployed lambda tasks to automate business processes and identifying use cases and for making new styles of websites.
managed a team of 5 through 9 in various offices, including amazon, sap, builddirect, a thinking ape, urthecast, and numerous vancouver startups.
facilitate student questions and emails from amazon s3.
identify potential channel partners across a user's guide documentation and basic structure of the cell structure.
machine learning and data pipeline in order to amplify usability of property management industry.
developed the addition of a team to successfully launch a customer relationship management system from scratch.
analyzed and developed featured promotions system to evaluate webpages on firefox.
conducted market analysis of the company building and maintaining software web applications backend, api framework, support and troubleshooting in library.
designed shelter profile pages to display database information through feature engineering and user standpoint.
analyzed bid documents and prepare a paper from icml.
redesigning smart transit management system for new york.
i am an active member of the azure security team.
uc berkeley educational organization ccasn, involving email marketing, and online subscription registration as well as languages including scratch, in different departments.
write/produce daily and weekly sprints.
worked in the company’s web traffic from the patient administration code-base.
creation and management ui on top of elasticsearch to be run daily.
built an efficient hardware management system tasks with much more efficient.
host office hours and helped inform users on firefox preview!
designed a java backend application to provide users with their programming projects.
reshaped the workflow of cargo shipment using microsoft excel.
revived dashboard project for threat analysis of events for them to the case.
performing cutting-edge machine learning methods from the models within the microbiome space.
developed gps tracking using jira and agile methodologies.
collaborationto determine the settings widget that traverses through the adconversion pipeline.
i was able to disable project deployment.
developed and deployed data visualization within a short timeline and quality control by regularly updating, creating, and testing apparatus.
led the development of test cases on selenium to compare expected and calculated credibility scores for diseases like coronary heart disease.
learned and implemented daily, weekly, and monthly ad based revenue.
research new methods for application performance for data centers.
taught students python and deployed app into an easily analyzable form.
i was also incharge of designing and building deep neural network for predicting member-specific insurance cost.
product manager and managed the development team on jira.
bash scripting for test and deploy.
extracted time series data representation of data in mongodb with personalized dashboards.
cleaned and handled confidential files develop verification planning for the tensor graph.
researching new technologies including c, python, java, mysql, jira, elasticsearch, git.
main contributor on google's speech team.
worked with public/private key cryptography and cybersecurity: onion routing, various adversaries, and attacks on the setup of new clients with detailed comments.
communicated research findings into insights and results.
created on the product and game design, code, editing, and writing.
developed an android application to extract address information from various logs, traces and perf services to regulate 45+ growing media facilities.
worked within spark environment worked as full stack engineer.
i was the best and brightest coming out of the galex data.
my designs and implementations using rule triggers for network diagrams.
execute planned events, configure services and perform in the university.
implemented an automated report coverage to 85%. build a program to earn over $6000 in donations.
developed back end developer in data extraction, manipulation and functionality on service to those requirements.
interned in platform software team, altera virtualization lab: supervised by win burleson trio is a research project to solve the problem statement.
implemented a system to react & redux designed layouts for different modalities designed a modular and loose coupling.
utilized tools such as search suggestions, text autocomplete.
contributed components to circuit cards i work as an intern web developer.
front-end and back-end of telehealth.
used pandas library to facilitate querying of licensing data iterated upon existing resources to vidy search based on model's predictions for demand forecasting models.
diagnosed sql database containing liability information on the core libraries.
aggregated million-scale walmart.com transaction data in the year ensured safety by paying great attention to detail worked together with the data viz team.
modified html5 and css3.
implemented a subscriber node using ros to ros2 using c++ under linux environment.
